"9780313309335 Wherever vampires existed in the imaginations of different peoples, they adapted themselves to the customs of the local culture. In The Vampyre (1819), John Polidori introduced Lord Ruthven and established the vampire craze of the 19th century that resulted in a flood of German vampire poetry, French vampire drama, and British vampire fiction. That tradition culminated in Bram Stoker's Dracula (1897), which fixed the character of the Transylvanian nobleman firmly in the public imagination. The contributors to this volume examine representations of the vampire in fiction, film, folklore, and popular culture. While some look at Stoker and the early literary vampire, others study the works of contemporary writers, such as Anne Rice and Chelsea Quinn Yarbro, vampirism as a metaphor for AIDS, and racial issues in such films as Blacula and Vampire in Brooklyn."
"9780020442608 The ""Dawn Treader"" is the first ship Narnia has seen in centuries. King Caspian has built it for his voyage to find the seven lords, good men whom his evil uncle Mizaz banished when he usurped the throne. The journey takes Edmund, Lucy, and their cousin Eustace to the Eastern Islands, beyond the Silver Sea, toward Aslan's country at the End of the World. Illustrations."
"9780719071157 Neither naively optimistic nor hopelessley pessimistic, this collection of writings by experts on the history of the troubles in Northern Ireland paints a realistic picture of the peace processes that have dotted the province's landscape."
"9780373483372 Everyone in Amen Flats is shocked when prim Elspeth Tallchief's secret lover shows up one day, drawing the attention of every single woman in town, but Elspeth knows that her other secret is even more shocking. Original."
"9781904633273 Timeless in its evocation of idealised family life and robustly enduring, Little Women is recognised as one of the best-loved classic children's stories of all time. Originally written as a 'girls' story', its appeal transcends the boundaries of time and age, making it as popular with adults as it is with young readers. For this is a beguiling story of happiness and hope, of the joys of companionship, domestic harmony and infinite mother love, all seen through the life of the March family. But which of the four March sisters to love best? For every reader must have their favourite. Independent, tomboyish Jo; delicate, loving Beth; pretty, kind Meg, or precocious and beautiful Amy, the baby of the family? Little Women was an instant success when first published in 1868, and followed only a year later by the sequel, Little Wives."
"9780821221877 Ansel Adams (1902-1984) produced some of the 20th century's most iconic photographic images and helped nurture the art of photography through his creative innovations and peerless technical mastery. The Print--the third volume in Adams' celebrated series of books on photographic techniques--has taught generations of photographers how to explore the artistic possibilities of printmaking. Examples of Adams' own work clarify the principles discussed. This classic handbook distills the knowledge gained through a lifetime in photography and remains as vital today as when it was first published. The Print takes you step-by-step--from designing and furnishing a darkroom to mounting and displaying your photographs, from making your first print to mastering advanced techniques, such as developer modifications, toning and bleaching, and burning and dodging. Filled with indispensable darkroom techniques and tips, this amply illustrated guide shows how printmaking--the culmination of photography's creative process--can be used expressively to enhance an image. ""Adams is a clear-thinking writer whose concepts cannot but help the serious photographer."" - New York Times ""A master-class kind of guide from an undisputed master."" - Publishers Weekly Over 1 million copies sold."
"9780385333818 Wampeters, Foma & Granfalloons (Opinions) is a rare opportunity to experience Kurt Vonnegut speaking in his own voice about his own life, his views of the world, his writing, and the writing of others. An indignant, outrageous, witty, deeply felt collection of reviews, essays, and speeches, this is a window not only into Vonnegut's mind but also into his heart."
"9780472064847 Explores the role of gender in poetic production, the tensions between poetry and contemporary literary theory, and the fluid boundaries between theoretical and literary writing."
"9780141002989 At M's request, Bond has gone up against Sir Hugo Drax at the card table, on a mission to teach the millionaire and head of the Moonraker project a lesson he won't forget, and prevent a scandal engulfing Britain's latest defence system. But there is more to the mysterious Drax than simply cheating at cards. And once Bond delves deeper into goings-on at the Moonraker base he discovers that both the project and its leader are something other than they pretend to be . . ."
"9780439405591 Soren has been reunited with this sister, Eglantine, but now he must deal with the mysterious disappearance of his mentor, Ezylryb, and in his attempt to save his teacher must fight a formidable foe."
"9780373767793 Businessman Chase Ramsey's audacious terms should have offended her, but Elena Sanchez had no choice. To save her family's business, she'd have to become Chase's mistress. Chase had waited years to avenge what Elena had done to him. Now she'd have to play by his rules. But the ebony-haired beauty soon had him craving her like a starving man. Had his indecent proposal backfired?"
"9781593080365 Features the story of a college graduate from St. Paul who leaves to marry a doctor in a small, middle-class town, only to find her efforts to bring culture and beauty to the town thwarted by its residents, testing her idealism."
"9780679732341 This is the story of a love-smitten Charles; his friend Sam, the Phi Beta Kappa and former coat salesman; and Charles' mother, who spends a lot of time in the bathtub feeling depressed."
"9780743203043 Shows how changes in work, family structure, women's roles, and other factors have caused people to become increasingly disconnected from family, friends, neighbors, and democratic structures--and how they may reconnect."
"9780553562606 In the sequel to The Real Story and Forbidden Knowledge, a scheme unravels to reveal deeper schemes. By the author of The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant. Reprint."
"9780751504330 Different Seasons contains four stories with an interlacing of horror that capture the dark corners of our times. In Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption, a man convicted of a bloody murder lives in prison brutally ruled by a sadistic warden and secretly run by a con who knows all the ropes and pulls all the strings. He has more brains than anyone else in this sinister slammer, and a diabolically cunning plan of revenge that no one can guess until it's too late. And brace yourself for icy shock in three more stunning novellas of suspense. Four young boys come face to face with life, death and hints of their own mortality....A teenager becomes both the puppet and the puppet master of evil... A disgraced woman is determined to triumph over death. The greatest horror master of our time turns the screws of suspense to lock you into terrifying tension and nerve-tingling twists."
"9780618057078 At the heart of this classic, seminal book is Julian Jaynes's still-controversial thesis that human consciousness did not begin far back in animal evolution but instead is a learned process that came about only three thousand years ago and is still developing. The implications of this revolutionary scientific paradigm extend into virtually every aspect of our psychology, our history and culture, our religion -- and indeed our future."
"9780449004135 Claudette Blum and her father flee across the Alps into Italy with other Jews seeking refuge, only to find an open battle ground among the Nazis, Allied forces, resistance fighters, and ordinary Italians struggling to survive."
"9781904919520 .0000000000Martyrs to hypochondria and general seediness, J. and his friends, George and Harris, decide that a jaunt up the Thames would suit them to a T. But when they set off, they can hardly predict the troubles that lie ahead. Three Men in a Boat was an instant success when it appeared in 1889, and, with its benign escapism, authorial discursions and wonderful evocation of the late-Victorian clerking classes, it hilariously captured the spirit of its age. Illustrated by A Fredericks, with an Afterword by David Stuart Davies."
"9780006512677 Spares - human clones, the ultimate health insurance. An eye for an eye - but some people are doing all the taking. The story of Jack Randall: burnt-out, dropped out, and way overdrawn at the luck bank. But as caretaker on a Spares Farm, he still has a choice, and it might make a difference."
"9780553585803 In the first installment of a trilogy of eco-thrillers set in Washington, D.C., environmental aide Charlie Quibler is frustrated in his attempts to prove to a distracted government that global warming has reached cataclysmic levels, a situation that is complicated when a promising technology is exploited for private interests. Reprint."
"9780595272099 The account of Robert Vesco, the Kingfish, who bilked investors of $250 million dollars in the early seventies and fled the country just ahead of the Feds, ultimately landing in Cuba."
"9780140185331 Just arrived in Vienna, Rollo Martins discovers that the friend he has come to visit is dead, and Philip, a small boy, unwittingly betrays his best friend to the police"
"9780345445780 Emerging from a fifteen-year prison sentence for a crime he did not commit, Eddie Nye vows to learn who was really responsible and searches for answers from his Wall Street freebooter brother, his lover Karen, and a young sharpshooter. Reprint."
"9780571202119 ""Set in the changing world of the 1960s, the motion picture Girl Interrupted is the searing story of Susanna, a young woman who finds herself at a mental institution for troubled young women. Susanna's 'short rest', prescribed by a psychiatrist she had met just once, becomes a strange journey into Alice's Wonderland, as she spends nearly a year both struggling and flirting with the thin line between 'normal' and 'crazy'. Susanna soon realizes how hard it is to get out once she's been committed, and ultimately she has to choose between the world of those who belong on the inside - such as the seductive and dangerous Lisa - and those who can engage with the reality of the outside world."" ""This volume includes storyboards and a discussion by the film's director James Mangold about the film-making process by which this screenplay by James Mangold and Lisa Loomer and Anna Hamilton Phelan was transferred to the screen.""--BOOK JACKET.Title Summary field provided by Blackwell North America, Inc. All Rights Reserved"
"9780552135399 'If you care about something you have to protect it. If you're lucky enough to find a way of life you love, you have to find the courage to live it.' Eleven-year-old Owen Meany, playing in a Little League baseball game in Gravesend, New Hampshire, hits a foul ball and kills his best friend's mother. Owen doesn't believe in accidents; he believes he is God's instrument. What happens to Owen after that 1953 foul ball is both extraordinary and terrifying."
"9780747267195 A man's body, virtually decapitated, is found by the Bosphorus. His identity card names him as Rifat Berisha, an Albanian. The family is impenetrable but when Inspector Cetin Ikmen, whose mother was Albanian, consults his cousin, Samsun, he's left in little doubt that Berisha's death is likely to be the result of a fis, an implacable blood feud between rival Albanian families. Which means the blood already shed will have to be avenged. And if the Berishas or their enemies discover Ikmen is from a noted Albanian clan, some of the spilt blood might be his..."
"9780310243564 A Is for Abductive B is for Body C is for Carpe Manana D is for Double-Ring E is for EPICtivities F is for Fractals G is for Grace H is for Holarchy I is for Icon J is for the J-Factor K is for Kaleidoscopic Change L is for Loopy M is for Metanarrative N is for Neurological Pre-Rewirings O is for Open-Endedness P is for Prayer Q is for Quest-ions R is for Radical Orthodoxy S is for Systems Theology T is for Tribal U is for Unknown V is for Voice W is for Wonder X is for Xenophilia Y is for Yes! Z is for ZendingDo You Know the Postmodern Alphabet?The letters are all the same, but the things they stand for are as different as the future is from the past. A Is for Abductive helps you get a handle today on the vocabulary of tomorrow, and on concepts indispensable for living out the old-fashioned gospel in these newfangled times.“You caused this book,” writes one of the authors. “People like you were insisting on a beginner’s guide to the pathway of postmodern ministry.” Here it is. There is no right or wrong place to begin—just pick a letter and start reading. You’ll acquire new words for a new world that will change how you think about church, about ministry, and about what it means to follow in Jesus’ footsteps—entering today’s culture in order to love it, serve it, and lead it home to God."
"9780812927634 his new series contains crosswords slightly less taxing than those in The New York Times. Originally published by United Feature Syndicate, these crosswords have appeared in many of America's highest-circulation newspapers."
"9780571125296 A tie-in edition to the upcoming Broadway revival of Tom Stoppard's extraordinary play about love and marriage--the work that has been called ""the most moving play"" (""The New York Times"") he has ever written."
"9780756403256 Presents a collection of original stories of the land of Valdemar, featuring contributions by Tanya Huff, Mickey Zucker Reichert, Fiona Patton, Judith Tarr, and Rosemary Edghill, as well as a novella by Mercedes Lackey."
"9780786808397 Introduce your baby to birds, cats, dogs, and babies through fine art, illustration, and photographs. These books are a rare opportunity to exopse little ones to a range of images on a single subject, from simple child's drawings and abstract art to playful photos. A brief text accompanies each image, introducing baby to some basic -- and sometimes playful -- information about the subjects."
9780452277243 Follows a young woman from her early life on the run with her mother to her involvement with a cult and her struggle to free herself of its influence over her
"9780140283365 Startling and bizarre, Kafka's masterpiece tells the story of a young man who becomes an object of disgrace to his family, an outsider in his own home, and a quintessentially alienated man. Part of Penguin's Great Books of the 20th Century series."
"9780345475732 Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker embark on a mission to uncover the wearabouts of the evil Sith Lord, Darth Sidious, only to become trapped in a labyrinthine web of lies, betrayal, and intrigue."
"9780060587031 ""I'll swap you my dad,"" I said. ""Oh-oh,"" said my little sister. What if you wanted your best friend's two goldfish so much that you'd swap anything for them, even your father? What if your mother came home and found out what you'd done?"
"9780689848827 Pandora the cat becomes a lighthouse keeper and saves the life of Seabold the dog, and together the two of them create a family with three young mice rescued from the sea."
"9780465017744 As heralded everywhere from NPR to the pages of the New York Times Magazine, a new era is underway in our colleges and universities: after a lengthy tenure, the dominance of postmodern theory has come to an end. In this timely and topical book, the legendary Terry Eagleton (""one of [our] best-known public intellectuals.""-Boston Globe) traces the rise and fall of these ideas from the 1960s through the 1990s, candidly assessing the resultant gains and losses. What's needed now, After Theory argues, is a return to the big questions and grand narratives. Today's global politics demand we pay attention to a range of topics that have gone ignored by the academy and public alike, from fundamentalism to objectivity, religion to ethics. Fresh, provocative, and consistently engaging, Eagleton's latest salvo will challenge everyone looking to better grasp the state of the world."
"9780064409902 After grasshoppers ruin the crops, eight-year-old Laura Ingalls and her family leave Plum Creek and move to Burr Oak, Iowa, where they experience life in a small town and help manage a hotel. Reprint."
"9780781731836 The best-selling general psychiatry text since 1972, Kaplan and Sadock's Synopsis of Psychiatry is now in its thoroughly updated Ninth Edition. This complete, concise overview of the entire field of psychiatry is a staple board review text for psychiatry residents and is popular with a broad range of students in medicine, clinical psychology, social work, and occupational therapy. This edition includes new chapters on health care delivery systems and end-of-life care and palliative medicine. Coverage of psychotropic drugs and neuropsychiatric foundations of biological psychiatry has been significantly updated. The book is DSM-IV-TR compatible and replete with case studies and tables, including ICD-10 diagnostic coding tables."
"9781595821065 Granny Viper is a ""people finder,"" a searcher for lost souls along the roads of a forbidding wasteland. Her latest mission: the safe return of a young woman named Tae, kidnapped eight years ago by vampire Nobility and held in Castle Gradinia on the Frontier's far border. But rescuing Tae is only half the battle--Viper knows she and the girl can't cross the formidable expanse to the town of Barnabas alone. After making the fatal mistake of hiring the mercenary Bullow Brothers to help her, Granny turns to the legendary Vampire Hunter D for salvation. As they traverse the bleak desert between the Inner and Outer Frontier, the two women and D find themselves in a race for their lives. And they soon discover how cruel the desert is--and how very ruthless the Bullow Brothers are . . . * Features six illustrations by the renowned Yoshitaka Amano, illustrator of Neil Gaiman's Sandman: The Dream Hunters."
"9781569755662 GET D!RTY Next time you’re traveling or just chattin’ in Italian with your friends, drop the textbook formality and bust out with expressions they never teach you in school, including: *Cool slang *Funny insults *Explicit sex terms *Raw swear words Dirty Italian teaches the casual expressions heard every day on the streets of Italy: What's up? Come va? He's a real hottie. Lui è proprio un figo. This pizza's awesome! Questa pizza è buonissima! I'm totally wasted. Soo sbronzo. I gotta piss. Devo pisciare. Hey ref, you're an asshole! Arbitro cornuto! Wanna do it doggy-style? Lo facciamo alla pecorina?"
"9780140437508 When J. the narrator, George, Harris and Montmorency the dog set off on their hilarious misadventures, they can hardly predict the troubles that lie ahead with tow-ropes, unreliable weather-forecasts, imaginary illnesses, butter pats and tins of pineapple chunks. Denounced as vulgar by the literary establishment, Three Men in a Boat nevertheless caught the spirit of the times. The expansion of education and the increase in office workers created a new mass readership, and Jerome's book was especially popular among the 'clerking classes' who longed to be 'free from that fretful haste, that vehement striving, that is every day becoming more and more the bane of nineteenth-century life.' So popular did it prove that Jerome reunited his heroes for a bicycle tour of Germany. Despite some sharp, and with hindsight, prophetic observations of the country, Three Men on the Bummel describes an equally picaresque journey constrained only 'by the necessity of getting back within a given time to the point from which one started'."
"9780060899226 A deliciously funny, delectably shocking banquet of wild-but-true tales of life in the culinary trade from Chef Anthony Bourdain, laying out his more than a quarter-century of drugs, sex, and haute cuisine—now with all-new, never-before-published material"
"9781401212223 After earning a fortune by cashing in on his own legend, Little Jack Horner--a.k.a. Jack B. Nimble, a.k.a. Jack the Giant Killer--is stripped of his wealth, banished from Fabletown, and tossed into a gulag filled with other renegade fables."
"9780743437493 Jack Torrance sees his stint as winter caretaker of a Colorado hotel as a way back from failure, his wife sees it as a chance to preserve their family, and their five-year-old son sees the evil waiting just for them, as they journey into a world in which old horrors come to life to destroy the living. Reprint."
"9780142003442 The popular radio show host showcases some of his favorite poems, including the work of Emily Dickinson, Walt Whitman, Robert Frost, Charles Bukowski, Donald Hall, Billy Collins, Robert Bly, and Sharon Olds, among others. Reprint."
"9781414305776 The second prequel traces the rise of the Antichrist and the journey of the main characters--including Rayford, Chloe, and Buck--toward the Rapture where the seven-year Tribulation awaits them."
"9780192807267 Candide is the most famous of Voltaire's 'philosophical tales', in which he combined witty improbabilities with the sanest of good sense. This edition includes four other prose tales - Micromegas, Zadig, The Ing--ecirc--;nu, and The White Bull - and a verse tale based on Chaucer's The Wife of Bath's Tale,: What Pleases the Ladies. - ;'If this is the best of all possible worlds, then what must the others be like?' Young Candide is tossed on a hilarious tide of misfortune, experiencing the full horror and injustice of this 'best of all possible worlds' - the Old and the New - before finally accepting that his old philosophy tutor Dr Pangloss has got it all wrong. There are no grounds for his daft theory of Optimism. Yet life goes on. We must cultivate our garden, for there is certainly room for improvement. Candide is the most famous of Voltaire's 'philosophical tales', in which he combined witty improbabilities with the sanest of good sense. First published in 1759, it was an instant bestseller and has come to be regarded as one of the key texts of the Enlightenment. What Candide does for chivalric romance, the other tales in this selection - Micromegas, Zadig, The Ingenu, and The White Bull - do for science fiction, the Oriental tale, the sentimental novel, and the Old Testament. This new edition also includes a verse tale based on Chaucer's The Wife of Bath's Tale, in which we discover that most elusive of secrets: What Pleases the Ladies. -"
"9780312288273 When Prince John accuses Fulke FitzWarin, a young courtier, of cheating at chess, the royal household is thrown into terrible turmoil, sparking a rivalry that could prevent the FitzWarin family from reclaiming their rightful estate."
"9780743223850 In the perfect match of subject and author, John S. D. Eisenhower, a noted military historian, presents the definitive account of the birth of the modern Amer- ican army and its decisive role in World War I. With the help of his wife Joanne, Eisenhower captures the viewpoints of the actual participants, blending a narrative told from the perspective of top officers with the stories of average soldiers. Drawing on diaries and memoirs, he brings each engagement to life, from the initial planning to the actual battlefield experiences of soldiers whose exploits at Belleau Woods and along the Meuse-Argonne would become the stuff of legend. Along the way, he shows how General Pershing and other leaders -- including George Marshall, Douglas MacArthur, George Patton, Billy Mitchell, and Peyton March -- transformed the American Expeditionary Force from a small, underequipped force into a strong, efficient, and effective army. Fast-paced, lively, and engaging, Yanks illuminates the central role of the American army in turning the tide in the biggest war the world had ever known."
"9780142500378 When young Elana unexpectedly joins the team leaving the spaceship to study the planet Andrecia, she becomes an integral part of an adventure involving three very different civilizations, each one centered on the third planet from the star in its own solar system. A 1971 Newbery Honor book. Reprint."
"9780679734482 Soaring with malicious poetry and almost unbearably accurate in its characterizations, Martin Amis turns Success into a sort of Jacobean revenge comedy. Its antagonists are two mismatched foster brothers who perform a merciless tango of class hatred, sexual rivalry, and disappointed love."
"9780887061998 Experimental Phenomenology has already been lauded for the ease with which its author explains and demonstrates the kinds of consciousness by which we come to know the structure of objects and the structure of consciousness itself. The format of the book follows the progression of a number of thought experiments which mark out the procedures and directions of phenomenological inquiry. Making use of examples of familiar optical illusions and multi-stable drawings, Professor Ihde illustrates by way of careful and disciplined step-by-step analyses, how some of the main methodological procedures and epistemological concepts of phenomenology assume concrete relevance. Such formidable fare as epoche, noetic and noematic analysis, apodicticity, adequacy, sedimentation, imaginative variation, field, and fringe are rendered into the currency of familiar examples from the everyday world."
"9780316693356 While playing a round of golf on Christmas, Travis McKinley experiences a Zen-like vision that transforms him into a professional player, pits him against his favorite champions, and eventually saves his troubled marriage"
"9780385335546 Serving as midwives to a small mining town in prewar Appalachia, Elizabeth and her mother share in the intimate details of the lives, loves, and losses of every family in the region, but none of their neighbors know their own secrets, dreams, and desires--including the mystery of Elizabeth's father's identity or of Elizabeth's desperate yearning for her own child. A first novel. Reprint."
"9781589802438 We hear the terms steer clear of, hit the deck, don't rock the boat, and to harbor a grudge and give little thought to their origin. Left together on ships for months, and often for years, pirate crews developed expressions that made their way into common usage. Terms for things related to life at sea became idioms used by land lubbers, a term derived from the holes in the platforms surrounding the mast that allowed sailors to avoid climbing the rigging around the platforms. A lubber was someone who was very clumsy, so a land lubber is someone who knows nothing about sailing and rigging.Centuries ago, men wore wigs of length denoting their wealth and importance. Soon, many naval captains, including Sir Henry Morgan and Captain Chaloner Ogle, who killed Black Bart Roberts, began to adopt the style. A law was passed in England declaring that only nobility, judges, and bishops could wear full-length wigs and so was born the term bigwig .Reading through these words and phrases is an abbreviated trip through history, with lists of major naval mutinies, a summary of the slave trade, and even jokes. This dictionary is written to be entertaining as well as informative, to give a flavor of the interesting times from the fifteenth to the eighteenth centuries when pirates controlled many sealanes. It also contains a treasure trove of factual information about life aboard the ship, important pirate haunts, and technical terms."
"9780452287068 To commemorate Morrison's winning the Nobel Prize for Literature, Knopf here republishes her full canon of novels. This edition of ""The Bluest Eye"" (1970) contains a new afterword by the author."
"9780140320435 Mr. Willy Wonka might be a genius with chocolate, but Charlie and his family don't trust his flying skills one bit. And right now, he's at the helm of a giant glass elevator that's picking up speed and hurtling through space with Charlie and the entire Bucket family stuck inside! Roald Dahl's uproarious sequel to ""Charlie and the Chocolate Factory"" is certain to delight and entertain a new generation of readers. ""From the Hardcover edition."""
"9780932440556 The selections from these five poets constitute some of the greatest lyric poetry ever written. Each poet is introduced by the translator, David Young, and represented by a selection that spans the poet's development and career."
"9780375711169 Traces the career of abstract expressionist Willem de Kooning, discussing his personal life with wife Elaine Fried, and his battle with alcoholism and Alzheimer's disease. Winner of the Pulitzer Prize, National Book Critics Circle Award, & Los Angeles Times Book Prize for Biography. Reprint. 35,000 first printing."
"9780061131622 Mandy, a ten-year-old orphan, dreams of a place to call her own. Escaping over the orphanage wall to explore the outside world, Mandy discovers a tiny deserted cottage in the woods. All through the spring, summer, and fall, Mandy works to make it truly hers. Sometimes she ""borrows"" things she needs from the orphanage. Sometimes, to guard her secret, she even lies. Then, one stormy night at the cottage, Mandy gets sick, and no one knows how to find her—except a special friend she didn't know she had. This new edition of a classic novel features beautiful black-and-white illustrations that capture the magic of finding a home."
"9780761929949 Examining the role of crime in American politics and culture, The Politics of Injustice, Second Edition provides a better understanding of the nature of crime and punishment in America, as well as the cultural and political contexts in which they occur. Updated throughout, this book will be of interest to students in all areas of Criminology especially those involved in critical issues in Criminal Justice."
"9780684848150 A work combining fiction and history in a collaboration that encompasses fifty years gives readers a glimpse into the realities upon which America's modern culture is based and explores the complex relationship between ""waste analyst"" Nick Shay and artist Klara Sax"
"9780747573647 Twelve-year-old Harriet is doing her best to grow up, which is not easy as her mother is permanently on medication, her father has silently moved to another city, and her serene sister rarely notices anything. All of them are still suffering from the shocking and mysterious death of her brother Robin twelve years earlier, and it seems to Harriet that the family may never recover. So, inspired by Captain Scott, Houdini, and Robert Louis Stevenson, she sets out with her only friend Hely to find Robin's murderer and punish him. But what starts out as a child's game soon becomes a dark and dangerous journey into the menacing underworld of a small Mississippi town."
"9780099339212 ""From Ernest Hemingway's Preface- 'There are many kinds of stories in this book. I hope you will find some that you like- In going where you have to go, and doing what you have to do, and seeing what you have to see, you dull and blunt the instrument you write with. But I would rather have it bent and dulled and know I had to put it on the grindstone and hammer it into shape and put a whetstone to it, and know that I had something to write about, than to have it bright and shining, and nothing to say, or smooth and well-oiled in the closet, but unused.' A collection of Hemingway's first forty-nine short stories, featuring a brief introduction by the author and lesser known as well as familiar tales, including 'Up in Michigan', 'Fifty Grand', and 'The Light of the World', and the Snows of Kilimanjaro, Winner Take Nothing'and Men Without Womencollections."""
"9781930901353 The most full length critical and biographical studies of Flann O'Brien(the nom de plume of Brian O' Nolan an otherwise inoffensive Irish public servant) tend to push asid e the leviathan of Cruiskeen Lawn, a commodious, encyclopedic work of some two million words and focus instead on his novels in English. Dr. Donohue in this important new study considers all of O'Nolan's work including college writings, letters to the editor(raised to a form of national genius by F O'B.) and works in Irish. It draws upon the research and biographical material of Anthony Cronin's No Laughing Matter, along with new research and criticism and takes issue with some of the conclusions reached in Keith Hopper's A Portrait of a Postmodernist. By tracing O'Nolan's development as an artist over time, this new study uncovers the relentless anatomist and post modernist in Flann O'Brien, a man of genius dissecting and exposing life and custom in mid 20th century Dublin. O'Nolan's views on the arts and the novel are carefully discussed along with his relation to the literary Ireland of the deValera years."
"9780226321325 Definitive text of Billy Budd, Sailor, is presented with extensive notes and commentary enabling the reader to trace the genesis and growth of Melville's masterpiece"
"9780723247791 This original, authorised version has been lovingly recreated electronically for the first time, with reproductions of Potter's unmistakeable artwork optimised for use on colour devices such as the iPad. When the cupboard is bare at the Flopsy Bunny's burrow, the family all have to go in search of food. They soon find some old lettuces on Mr McGregor's rubbish heap, but who can imagine the horrors that await them as they enjoy a nap after lunch! Peter Rabbit and Benjamin Bunny are two of Beatrix Potter's most popular characters and they are brought together in this exciting tale of danger and friendship. The Tale of The Flopsy Bunnies is number ten in Beatrix Potter's series of 23 little books, the titles of which are as follows: 1 The Tale of Peter Rabbit 2 The Tale of Squirrel Nutkin 3 The Tailor of Gloucester 4 The Tale of Benjamin Bunny 5 The Tale of Two Bad Mice 6 The Tale of Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle 7 The Tale of Mr. Jeremy Fisher 8 The Tale of Tom Kitten 9 The Tale of Jemima Puddle-Duck 10 The Tale of the Flopsy Bunnies 11 The Tale of Mrs. Tittlemouse 12 The Tale of Timmy Tiptoes 13 The Tale of Johnny Town-Mouse 14 The Tale of Mr. Tod 15 The Tale of Pigling Bland 16 The Tale of Samuel Whiskers 17 The Tale of The Pie and the Patty-Pan 18 The Tale of Ginger and Pickles 19 The Tale of Little Pig Robinson 20 The Story of a Fierce Bad Rabbit 21 The Story of Miss Moppet 22 Appley Dapply's Nursery Rhymes 23 Cecily Parsley's Nursery Rhymes"
"9781580624596 Learn the strategic rules of Sun Tzu and how to incorporate them into your management style. In this translation of The Art of War readers will benefit from the interpretations from other translators and strategist, as well as the 50 strategic rules, including: How to look for strategic turns to meet the competition How to attain strategic superiority and crush the competition How to plan surprise and stay ahead of the game And more timeless wisdom that will allow you to compete and win in the dynamic business environment! Business managers around the world have tapped into this ancient wisdom; it is time to master The Art of War for Managers for the existence and growth of your business!"
"9780312266059 ""...I was convinced that Story of O was going to revolutionize the book trade, that I would sell hundreds of thousands of copies across the world, and that moral attitudes would change overnight. The audacity of this novel seemed to me to be liberating rather than provocative. I perceived the promise of a new freedom. And I expected to cause a shock.""--Jean-Jacques Pauvert, from the Introduction When Story of O was first published in 1954 in Paris by Jean-Jacques Pauvert, it narrowly escaped censorship by the Department of the Interior and eventually became the most widely translated French novel in the world. It describes in cool, elegant language the experiences of a young woman as she willingly enters a dark maze of perverse sexual practices within a clandestine amoral society. Revelling in pure fantasy, its theme is total submission through love to excesses of sadism and masochism, and the bond of ""ownership."" Now Doris Kloster, a photographer specializing in issues of women's sexuality and power, has realized a long-standing dream. She has created a photographic representation of one of the most famous and controversial erotic novels ever published. The result is another sensation. The Illustrated Story of O presents over 50 superb images which mirror perfectly the intense eroticism of the novel. Shooting entirely in Paris and its environs, Doris Kloster has succeeded in matching characters, locations, costumes and props to the original descriptions. And each magnificent color photograph is accompanied by a short extract from the novel. In addition, there is a Preface from Doris Kloster herself and an Introduction from Jean-Jacques Pauvert, the original publisher of the novel. The Illustrated Story of O presents a rich visual feast that will delight fans of Doris Kloster's work, and appeal strongly to connoisseurs of the darker excesses of sexuality. It is destined to become a classic collector's edition."
"9780553374599 Living the last of his eight lives, Count Alandre Sessine VII races against time to defuse a lethal conspiracy on its way to Earth, while a betrayer is fast on his heels. Original."
"9780395809990 Students and scholars will rejoice that the famed works of John Milton (1608-1974) now join those of Chaucer and Shakespeare in the definitive, one-volume Riverside series. Milton's early poetry is here and his important prose, but pride of place is given to his epics, PARADISE LOST and PARADISE REGAINED as well as his final masterpiece, the dramatic SAMSON AGONISTES."
"9780393311037 A collection of essays answers questions about key scientific concepts, focusing, in particular, on Darwin's theory of evolution, natural selection, and its impact on biology, natural history, and modern science"
"9780486445632 In this 1821 classic, Hegel applies his most important concept — the dialectics — to law, rights, morality, the family, economics, and the state. The philosopher defines universal right as the synthesis between the thesis of an individual acting in accordance with the law and the occasional conflict of an antithetical desire to follow private convictions."
"9780312426118 A wartime journal by a reporter and editor living through the Russian occupation of Berlin includes her observations of resident survival in the face of starvation, no water, and freezing conditions; the mass rapes endured by the city's women; and the corruption of Berlin citizens by their Russian occupiers. Reprint. 35,000 first printing."
"9780806128948 Ovid's Metamorphosesis a weaving-together of classical myths, extending in time from the creation of the world to the death of Julius Caesar. This volume provides the Latin text of the first five books of the poem and the most detailed commentary available in English of these books."
"9780689707490 The beloved, bestselling tale of edible weather is brought to life! If food dropped like rain from the sky, wouldn't it be marvelous! Or would it? It could, after all, be messy. And you'd have no choice. What if you didn't like what fell? Or what if too much came? Have you ever thought of what it might be like to be squashed flat by a pancake?"
"9781594481932 Meeting on New Year's Eve on the roof of Topper's House, a London destination infamous as a last stop for suicidal people, a television talk-show host, a musician, a teenage girl, and a mother share the stories about their circumstances and decisions. By the author of How to Be Good. Reader's Guide available. Reprint. 500,000 first printing."
"9781400047864 In the first volume of a trilogy chronicling the lives of star-crossed Celtic lovers Tristan and Isolde, Isolde, a gifted healer and princess destined to inherit the Irish throne from her mother, falls in love with Tristan, nephew of the King of Cornwall, who is embroiled in a war with the Irish queen. Reprint. 35,000 first printing."
"9781403967213 EntreMundos offers a multidisciplinary investigation of the concepts, impact, and writings of contemporary cultural theorist and creative writer, Gloria Anzaldua. Her work, which is frequently anthologized and often cited, as well as widely taught at the high school, undergraduate, and graduate level, has challenged and expanded previous views in American Studies, Chicano/a Studies, composition studies, cultural studies, ethnic studies, feminism, literary studies, critical pedagogy, and queer theory. Here scholars from a number of disciplines gather to reflect critically and anecdotally on Anzaldua's writing, her ideas, and the wider significance of her work. Highlighting some of Anzaldúa's lesser explored theories, EntreMundos challenges readers to re-examine Anzaldúa's writings and theorizing from additional perspectives. The goal is to broaden Anzaldúan scholarship, shifting the conversation in new directions while underscoring the visionary yet pragmatic social-justice dimensions of her work."
"9780385339667 Years after the bombing of a Mississippi law office in which Marvin Kramer's two sons died, former Klan member Sam Cayhill, the accused killer, has nearly exhausted his death row appeals, until young lawyer Adam Hall takes the case. Reprint. 35,000 first printing."
"9788172235222 On A Train Journey Home To North India After Long Months Of Travel Abroad, The Playboy Bhushan Singh, Son Of The Raja Of Vijaygarh, Is Arrested And Thrown Into Jail. Charged With Treason, Bhushan Finds Himself In A Filthy Prison Cell Surrounded By Elderly Trade Unionists As Innocent Of Any Political Crime, And A Jittery Government Sees Sedition Under Every Stone. As They Wait For The Trial That Never Seems To Come, Bhushan Takes Up The Role Of Scheherazade, Enthralling His Cell-Mates With Stories From His Colourful Past. He Tells Them Of His Boyhood Affair With A Beautiful Muslim Girl That Sparked Off Two Murderous Riots And Led To His Banishment Abroad. He Tells Them Of His Life In The America Of The Roaring Twenties, Of Basking Beside A Turquoise Swimming Pool, Learning The Turkey Trot And Turning Down The Chance Of A Career As A Movie Star. Obsessed With His Childhood Love, Unable To Make Any Plans For His Life Except To Find Her Again, Bhushan Returns To India To Become An Exile Nearer Home In Mumbai. He Becomes The Friend And Lover Of Syllvia, A Vibrant And Modern Parsi Girl, But Even Her Energy And Devotion Are Not Enough To Heal His Wound. As News Of Violent World Events Penetrates The Prison Wall Civil Was In Turkey, The Rise Of Mussoloni, Gandhi S Salt March, Mass Arrests, The Death Of Hunger-Strikers In Lahore Bhushan Reaches The Climax Of His Story: The Monstrous Trick He Discovers Fate Has Played On Him, And The Crime He Can Never Forget. Full Of Mystery And Gentle Humour, Mistaken Identity Is A Story Of Love And Obsession That Brilliantly Summons Up The Turmoil Of India In The Twilight Years Of Empire"
"9781400076819 Blending elements of reminiscence and cultural commentary, the award-winning author of Motherless Brooklyn presents a series of imaginative essays that address a wide range of cultural obsessions, in such works as ""Defending The Searchers,"" ""Identifying with Your Parents,"" and ""13/1977/21,"" about the summer he saw Star Wars twenty-one times. Reprint. 17,500 first printing."
"9781579126247 A is for Ascher, cudgeled in Andover. B is for Barnard, strangled in Bexhill. C is for Clarke, struck down in Churston. Beside each body is an A.B.C. Railway guide; before each murder Hercule Poirot is notified. In one of Christie's most twisted tales, the meticulous Belgian sleuth must navigate the eerie maze of a serial killer's mind. D is for Doncaster, where the next victim dies... E is for evidence, ingeniously analyzed."
"9780441005963 A collection of the complete and long out-of-print Riddle-Master trilogy, a modern-day fantasy classic, offers a new introduction by the author and brings back the magical adventures of a young prince discovering his identity in a uniquely realized land. Original."
"9780375724633 The arrival of a quiet stranger turns the life of acclaimed British actress Julia Lambert upside down as she confronts rejection, her capacity as a mother, and her own sense of self, in this classic, long-out-of-print novel by the author of Of Human Bondage. Reprint. 10,000 first printing."
"9781401301941 Cooking sensation Jamie Oliver returns with a cookbook designed to delight the entire family! estselling cookbook author Jamie Oliver takes his signature fresh, fun cooking style into new territory by putting his focus on the family. Designed to encourage us to eat healthier meals at home and enjoy our time spent in the kitchen, Jamie's Dinners features over 100 new and simple recipes for easy-to-afford, easy-to-prepare gourmet dinners that will get even the busiest of families back into the kitchen. Jamie's pared-down style and inventive use of fresh, uncomplicated ingredients will ensure that even novice chefs can cook up delicious dinners with confidence and ease using accessible, stylish recipes that the whole family will love, such as Farfalle with Carbonara and Spring Peas and Japanese-Style Saturday Night Steak."
"9780312263232 This beautifully imagined debut novel tells the story of five generations of women in one family against the backdrop of 100 years in Jerusalem. Starting with the birth of the family's first boy to the last generation, this epic is rich in the magical realism of fable and folklore."
"9781421510439 Cleaning up the afterlife – one spirit at a time! R to L (Japanese Style). Cleaning up the afterlife – one spirit at a time! Ichigo Kurosaki never asked for the ability to see ghosts, he was born with the gift. When his family is attacked by a Hollow (a malevolent lost soul) Ichigo becomes a Soul Reaper, dedicating his life to protecting the innocent and helping the tortured spirits themselves find peace. Find out why Tite Kubo's Bleach has become an international manga smash-hit! The rebellion within the Soul Society grows as doubts spread about the death sentence of ex-Soul Reaper Rukia Kuchiki. Determined to save her, Rukia's childhood friend Renji vows to cut down the captain of his own squad, unaware of the terrifying fate that awaits him."
"9780060527983 Warrior of the Light: A Manual is an inspirational companion to The Alchemist, an international bestseller that has beguiled millions of readers around the world. Every short passage invites us to live out our dreams, to embrace the uncertainty of life, and to rise to our own unique destiny. In his inimitable style, Paulo Coelho helps bring out the Warrior of the Light within each of us. He also shows readers how to embark upon the way of the Warrior: the one who appreciates the miracle of being alive, the one who accepts failure, and the one whose quest leads him to become the person he wants to be. Paulo Coelho is one of the most beloved storytellers of our time. Now, in the long-awaited companion to his first novel, Coelho presents a collection of philosophical stories that will delight and guide seekers everywhere."
"9781859840542 Explores the work of Mother Teresa, questioning her association with corrupt and cruel leaders and discussing the way wealthy western society promotes her as a celebrity"
"9780441092758 Possessed with the gift of magic, Gwenlliant of Celydonn travels with her husband to Mochdreff to rule over a nation with a long history of animosity toward her people. Original."
"9781582404875 Rick Grimes attempts to lay down roots in a maximum-security prison, which he anticipates will be an easily defensible base, until he and his partners encounter four zombies, with whom they establish a tenuous truce."
"9780226134345 For this fiftieth-anniversary edition, Dahl has written an extensive new afterword that reevaluates Madisonian theory in light of recent research. And in a new foreword, he reflects back on his influential volume and the ways his views have evolved since he wrote it. For any student or scholar of political science, this new material is an essential update on a gold standard in the evolving field of democratic theory."
"9780553583151 The carnage of World War I comes back to haunt Scotland Yard Inspector Ian Rutledge when he discovers that the woman who has become the prime suspect in the callous murder he is investigating is the grieving fiancTe of Hamish, a young Scot whom he was forced to execute unwillingly on the battlefield of the war. By the author of A Test of Wills. Reprint."
"9781593080549 The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, by Robert Louis Stevenson, is part of theBarnes & Noble Classics series, which offers quality editions at affordable prices to the student and the general reader, including new scholarship, thoughtful design, and pages of carefully crafted extras. Here are some of the remarkable features of Barnes & Noble Classics: New introductions commissioned from today''s top writers and scholars Biographies of the authors Chronologies of contemporary historical, biographical, and cultural events Footnotes and endnotes Selective discussions of imitations, parodies, poems, books, plays, paintings, operas, statuary, and films inspired by the work Comments by other famous authors Study questions to challenge the reader''s viewpoints and expectations Bibliographies for further reading Indices & Glossaries, when appropriate All editions are beautifully designed and are printed to superior specifications; some include illustrations of historical interest. Barnes & Noble Classics pulls together a constellation of influences--biographical, historical, and literary--to enrich each reader''s understanding of these enduring works. Idealistic young scientist Henry Jekyll struggles to unlock the secrets of the soul. Testing chemicals in his lab, he drinks a mixture he hopes will isolate--and eliminate--human evil. Instead it unleashes the dark forces within him, transforming him into the hideous and murderous Mr. Hyde. The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde dramatically brings to life a science-fiction case study of the nature of good and evil and the duality that can exist within one person. Resonant with psychological perception and ethical insight, the book has literary roots in Dostoevsky''s ""The Double"" and Crime and Punishment. Today Stevenson''s novella is recognized as an incisive study of Victorian morality and sexual repression, as well as a great thriller. This collection also includes some of the author''s grimmest short fiction: ""Lodging for the Night,"" ""The Suicide Club,"" ""Thrawn Janet,"" ""The Body Snatcher,"" and ""Markheim."" Jenny Davidson is Assistant Professor of eighteenth-century literature and culture in the Department of English and Comparative Literature at Columbia University. Her novel Heredity appeared from Soft Skull Press in 2003."
"9780373802395 As the moon rises, unimaginable power emerges in this collection of stories that includes Mercedes Lackey's ""Moontide,"" in which a young woman chooses to follow a Fool and discovers a magic that comes with a high price, as well as ""The Heart of the Moon"" by Tanith Lee and ""Banshee Cries"" by C. E. Murphy. Original."
"9780830826056 In this New Studies in Biblical Theology volume, Henri Blocher offers a philosophically sophisticated treatment of the biblical evidence for original sin, interacting with the best theological thinking on the subject and showing that while the nature of original sin is a mystery only belief in it makes sense of evil and wrongdoing."
"9780060567231 Earth is long since dead. On a colony planet, a band of men has gained control of technology, made themselves immortal, and now rules their world as the gods of the Hindu pantheon. Only one dares oppose them: he who was once Siddhartha and is now Mahasamatman. Binder of Demons. Lord of Light."
"9780345915597 20th ANNIVERSARY EDITIONwith a new Afterword from the author The ""New York Times"" bestseller This is the life and times of T. S. Garp, the bastard son of Jenny Fields--a feminist leader ahead of her times. This is the life and death of a famous mother and her almost-famous son; theirs is a world of sexual extremes--even of sexual assassinations. It is a novel rich with ""lunacy and sorrow""; yet the dark, violent events of the story do not undermine a comedy both ribald and robust. In more than thirty languages, in more than forty countries--with more than ten million copies in print--this novel provides almost cheerful, even hilarious evidence of its famous last line: ""In the world according to Garp, we are all terminal cases."""
"9780373771370 After her father is sentenced to death, pirate's daughter Amanda Carre, searching for the mother she never knew, is escorted to London by notorious rake and gentleman privateer Cliff de Warenne, who transforms her into a lady and becomes her number one suitor. Original."
"9780812696066 ""A collection of essays explores philosophical aspects of the Beatles' music, lyrics, and political acitivities. Topics addressed include: skepticism and epistemology, the philosophy of love, altered consciousness and drug culture, and Marxism and socialphilosophy""--Provided by publisher."
"9780099429791 Fledgling writer Briony Tallis, as a 13-year-old, irrevocably changes the course of several lives when she accuses her older sister's lover of a crime he did not commit."
"9780374529260 Both an exploration of character and a reflection on the meaning of history, Memoirs of Hadrian has received international acclaim since its first publication in France in 1951. In it, Marguerite Yourcenar reimagines the Emperor Hadrian's arduous boyhood, his triumphs and reversals, and finally, as emperor, his gradual reordering of a war-torn world, writing with the imaginative insight of a great writer of the twentieth century while crafting a prose style as elegant and precise as those of the Latin stylists of Hadrian's own era."
"9781551666723 Finding everything she has worked for in jeopardy and her entire life hanging in the balance of a decision that she has only two weeks to make, Stevie Corbett puts her fate into the hands of journalist Judd Mackie, who is determined to expose her secrets to the world until he discovers the truth. Originally in paperback. 200,000 first printing."
"9780393324860 Seeks to provide a genuinely engaging and comprehensive primer to economics that explains key concepts without technical jargon and using common-sense examples. Reprint. 20,000 first printing."
"9780812971064 Describes growing up in the Islamic Republic of Iran and the group of young women who came together at her home in secret every Thursday to read and discuss great books of Western literature, explaining the influence of Lolita, The Great Gatsby, Pride and Prejudice, and other works on their lives and goals. Reprint. 50,000 first printing."
"9780006551812 FROM THE PULIZER PRIZE-WINNING AUTHOR OF THE #1 ""NEW YORK TIMES"" BESTSELLER ""ANGELA'S ASHES"" Frank McCourt's glorious childhood memoir, ""Angela's Ashes, "" has been loved and celebrated by readers everywhere. It won the National Book Critics Circle Award, the ""Los Angeles Times"" Book Award and the Pulitzer Prize. Rarely has a book so swiftly found its place on the literary landscape. And now we have ""'Tis, "" the story of Frank's American journey from impoverished immigrant to brilliant teacher and raconteur. Frank lands in New York at age nineteen and gets a job at the Biltmore Hotel, where he immediately encounters the vivid hierarchies of this ""classless country,"" and then is drafted into the army and is sent to Germany to train dogs and type reports. It is Frank's incomparable voice that renders these experiences spellbinding. When Frank returns to America in 1953, he works on the docks, always resisting what everyone tells him. He knows that he should be getting an education, and though he left school at fourteen, he talks his way into New York University. There, he falls in love with the quintessential Yankee and tries to live his dream. But it is not until he starts to teach that Frank finds his place in the world."
9780007158522 From bang-ups and hang-ups to lurches and slumps. Dr. Seuss takes a hilarious look at the mishaps and misadventures that life may have in store for us.
"9780872206786 First published by Odyssey Press in 1957, this classic edition provides Milton's poetry and major prose works, richly annotated, in a sturdy and affordable clothbound volume."
"9781862301382 What can the peace-loving mice of Redwall Abbey do to defend themselves against a battle-seasoned army of rats? Teeming with riddles, humor, unforgettable characters, and high-bounding adventure, ""Redwall"" launched a series that has captured the world's attention."
"9780374525118 The Nobel Prize-winning author presents a volume of poems that explores life's new beginnings, the significance of ordinary objects, the legacy of a deceased Scottish poet, and the situation in his native Northern Ireland. Reprint."
"9780345448149 A POWERFUL, DEEPLY MOVING NARRATIVE OF HOPE REBORN IN THE SHADOW OF DESPAIR Fifty years after it was bombed to rubble, Berlin is once again a city in which Jews gather for the Passover seder. Paris and Antwerp have recently emerged as important new centers of Jewish culture. Small but proud Jewish communities are revitalizing the ancient centers of Budapest, Prague, and Amsterdam. These brave, determined Jewish men and women have chosen to settle–or remain–in Europe after the devastation of the Holocaust, but they have paid a price. Among the unexpected dangers, they have had to cope with an alarming resurgence of Nazism in Europe, the spread of Arab terrorism, and the impact of the Jewish state on European life. Delving into the intimate stories of European Jews from all walks of life, Kurlansky weaves together a vivid tapestry of individuals sustaining their traditions, and flourishing, in the shadow of history. An inspiring story of a tenacious people who have rebuilt their lives in the face of incomprehensible horror, A Chosen Few is a testament to cultural survival and a celebration of the deep bonds that endure between Jews and European civilization. “Consistently absorbing . . . A Chosen Few investigates the relatively uncharted territory of an encouraging phenomenon.” –Los Angeles Times “I can think of no book that portrays with such intelligence, historical understanding, and journalistic flair what life has been like for Jews determined to build lives in Europe.” –SUSAN MIRON Forward"
"9781426423703 Sally looked contentedly down the long table. She felt happy at last. Everybody was talking and laughing now, and her party, rallying after an uncertain start, was plainly the success she had hoped it would be."
"9780961462093 Common Herbs for Natural Health is an essential herbal for the newcomer to the expert. Juliette de Bairacli utilizes her Gypsy wisdom and decades of studying herbs and healing to create a book filled with natural remedies and recipes. What a treasure! Her respect and love for the plants, the earth, and the medicinal knowledge garnered from people of all ethnic origins is powerful, practical, and sensible. My gardens and personal health are already benefiting from this intelligent and tender book."
"9780130235015 [This book is] a simple story of a ""strong man"" whose life is dominated by fear and anger ... Uniquely ... African, at the same time it reveals [the author's] ... awareness of the human qualities common to men of all times and places.-Back cover."
"9780449001967 Three plane crashes bring together the efforts of suave investigator Max Pauling, a beautiful bird-watcher, and a shady militia group, in a mystery that takes readers from the State Department to the rogue black markets of Russia. Reprint."
"9780446679084 The hair-raising suspense of The General's Daughter... the wry wit of The Gold Coast...this is vintage Nelson DeMille at the peak of his originality and the height of his powers...Wounded in the line of duty, NYPD homicide cop John Corey is convalescing in rural eastern Long Island when an attractive young couple he knows is found shot to death on the family patio. The victims were biologists at Plum Island, a research site rumored to be an incubator for germ warfare.Suddenly, a local double murder takes on shattering global implications -- and thrusts Corey and two extraordinary women into a dangerous search for the secret of PLUM ISLAND...."
"9780771065262 Fictitious stories about members of the Laidlaw family, from their days in Scotland in the eighteenth century through the lives of some of them in Ontario, following their arrival in Canada in the early nineteenth century."
"9781416521105 Mercedes Lackey and Rosemary Edghill are the biggest names in the urban fantasy subgenre¿where elves, banshees, trolls, and even stranger creatures walk modern city streets, their presence, and even their existence unsuspected by the human inhabitants. Now these two present a volume of all new urban fantasy, with a stellar lineup of the best new fantasy writers, such as Roberta Gellis, Dave Freer and Eric Flint, Diana Paxton, and more¿including two new stories and an afterword by Mercedes Lackey herself, as well as a story by Rosemary Edghill. This is an indispensable volume for fans of urban fantasy in general, and the thousands of fans of Mercedes Lackey in particular."
"9780060815929 Unable to avoid being drawn into the terrible conflict, Auraya, now protector of the Siyee, fears she will be unable to meet the conditions of the all-powerful gods she once served. And an offer from a mysterious woman may be impossible for Auraya to refuse, but, if revealed, would brand her an enemy of the gods. Now, the immortal Wilds will not be deterred in their quest for powerful, long-buried secrets. But they have deadly adversaries who also seek the world-shattering truth . . . and it may appear in a form that no one anticipates."
"9780743284882 A collection by the pop culture commentator includes some of his most noteworthy profiles and trend stories, a selection of favorite opinion pieces, and a semi-autobiographical short story, in a volume complemented by twenty ""hypothetical questions."""
"9780141310695 With war in Westmark and the assumption of the throne by Mickle, all Theo's talents are needed, as well as those of his former companions."
"9780674990333 Cicero (Marcus Tullius, 106–43 BCE), Roman lawyer, orator, politician and philosopher, of whom we know more than of any other Roman, lived through the stirring era which saw the rise, dictatorship, and death of Julius Caesar in a tottering republic. In his political speeches especially and in his correspondence we see the excitement, tension and intrigue of politics and the part he played in the turmoil of the time. Of about 106 speeches, delivered before the Roman people or the Senate if they were political, before jurors if judicial, 58 survive (a few of them incompletely). In the fourteenth century Petrarch and other Italian humanists discovered manuscripts containing more than 900 letters of which more than 800 were written by Cicero and nearly 100 by others to him. These afford a revelation of the man all the more striking because most were not written for publication. Six rhetorical works survive and another in fragments. Philosophical works include seven extant major compositions and a number of others; and some lost. There is also poetry, some original, some as translations from the Greek. The Loeb Classical Library edition of Cicero is in twenty-nine volumes."
"9780805832891 The purpose of this book is to share, in rich detail, an understanding of how it feels and what it means to do qualitative research, and to provide support for doctoral students who choose this form of inquiry for their dissertation research."
"9780810117334 In a perfect vacuum, Stanislaw Lem presents a collection of book reviews of nonexistent works of literature - works that, in many cases, could not possibly be written. Embracing postmodernism's ""games for games' sake"" ethos, Lem joins the contest with hilarious and grotesque results. Most of the ""reviews"" target the postmodern infatuation with antinarratives by lampooning their self-indulgence and exploiting their mannerisms. Lem exposes the limits of postmodern fiction, showing how its studious self-consciousness frequently conceals intellectual paucity. Beginning with a review of his own book, Lem moves on to tackle (or create pastiches of) the French new novel, James Joyce, pornography, authorless writing, and Dostoevsky, while at the same time ranging across scientific topics, from cosmology to the pervasiveness of computers."
"9780140285970 Examines the problems facing modern Vietnam, a country emerging from its troubled past into a new world marked by conspicuous consumption and a lifestyle of leisure"
"9781890447175 The most important new literary journal to emerge since Granta, Open City has published some of the best work by major writers and artists such as Mary Gaitskill, Denis Johnson, Jeff Koons, David Foster Wallace, Irvine Welsh, Terry Southern, Patrick McCabe, Sam Lipsyte, and David Berman. Edited by the writers Thomas Beller and Daniel Pinchbeck and originally published by the late Robert Bingham, writing from Open City has been included in many prestigious anthologies, including Best American Short Stories and The Pushcart Prize. Known for launching the careers of today's best new writers, the editors are also committed to printing important unpublished work by writers from past eras, such as Richard Yates, Delmore Schwartz, Jim Thompson, Cyril Connolly, Edvard Munch, and Gregor von Rezzori. With its innovative and daring mix of the old and the new, Open City combines undiscovered writing by classic authors with a fascinating portrait of a literary generation in the making. Open City #12 includes ""After the Wall"", a special section on Berlin's new generation of fiction writers; a story by Lewis Cole on the end of radicalism; and debut fiction by Sam Brumbaugh and Heather Lorimer. This issue features a previously unpublished story by Ford Maddox Ford."
"9781400095957 In an afterlife world inhabited by the recently departed who remain in the memories of the living, Marion and Phillip Byrd fall in love again, while on Earth, their daughter, Laura, is stranded alone in an Antarctic research station."
"9780395776087 Recreates the devastation rendered to the city of Philadelphia in 1793 by an incurable disease known as yellow fever, detailing the major social and political events as well as the time's medical beliefs and practices."
"9780330353823 The bestselling author of ""The Autobiography of Henry VIII"" and ""Mary Queen of Scotland and the Isles"" brings to life the words and glittering kingdom of Cleopatra, Queen of the Nile, in a lush, sweeping, and richly detailed saga of ancient Egypt."
"9780340689608 Flatmates Fiona, Kerry and Linzi have problems enough squabbling over the itemised phone bill and whose turn it is to do the washing up. But nothing can prepare them for the chaos which ensues when Linzi's latest boyfriend arrives on the scene. Gorgeous but feckless, Gaetano spells trouble with a capital 'T'. And soon events are spiralling out of everyone's control . . ."
"9780345440839 Schmidt struggles with doubts over his May-December romance after Carrie refuses his marriage proposals; his humorless daughter returns, jilted and asking for money; and he encounters a mysterious Egyptian billionaire who may hold the key to his ultimatefate."
"9780425185506 Falling madly in love and beginning what she believed would be the perfect marriage with Hollywood leading man Alex Rivers, renowned anthropologist Cassie Barret is heartbroken when their fairy-tale romance falls apart. Reissue."
"9780448409573 Amateur detective Sherlock Holmes, the master of deductive reasoning, solves several mysteries with the aid of his friend, Dr. John Watson. @KeepDiggingWatson Why are the lights at 221 Baker Street so damn bright in the morning? Why does Watson talk so loud? Elementary, my dear STFU! From Twitterature: The World's Greatest Books in Twenty Tweets or Less"
"9780099429166 ""The story of a divorced woman, her disillusioned teenage son, and the events that change their lives in ways both simple and extraordinary. When Keith Rosen runs away from his Florida home - inexplicably taking along a motherless baby - his mother is perplexed and terrified. She takes off on her own journey to find him.""--Back cover."
"9780345446664 The untimely death of a young priest in training draws Commander Adam Dalgliesh back to East Anglia to investigate at the request of the young man's father, as Dalgliesh finds himself drawn into a complex and violent mystery."
"9780140189445 Charlie Citrine, suffering from steadily worsening troubles with women, career, and life, receives unexpected aid in the form of a belated bequest from his onetime friend and mentor, the poet Von Humboldt Fleisher."
"9780743272537 A sequel to Earthly Joy follows the life of John Tradescant the Younger, who works as a gardener to King Charles I before fleeing to the Royalist colony of Virginia in order to protect his family, a decision that tests his botanical talents and involves him in the plight of Native Americans whose lives are threatened by colonial settlers. Reprint. 85,000 first printing."
"9780007113804 An archaeologist's wife is murdered on the shores of the River Tigris in Iraq... It was clear to Amy Leatheran that something sinister was going on at the Hassanieh dig in Iraq; something associated with the presence of 'Lovely Louise', wife of celebrated archaeologist Dr Leidner. In a few days' time Hercule Poirot was due to drop in at the excavation site. But with Louise suffering from terrifying hallucinations, and tension within the group becoming almost unbearable, Poirot might just be too late..."
"9780977312795 Thomas Pynchon's Gravity's Rainbow (1973) has been called a modernFinnegans Wake for its challenging language, wild anachronisms, hallucinatory happenings, and fever-dream imagery. With Pictures Showing What Happens on Each Page of Thomas Pynchon's Novel Gravity's Rainbow, artist Zak Smith at once eases and expands readers' experience of the twentieth-century classic. Smith has created more than 750 pages of drawings, paintings, and photos--each derived from a page of Pynchon's novel. Extraordinary tableaux of the detritus of war--a burned-out Konigstiger tank, a melted machine gun--coexist alongside such fantasmagoric Pynchon inventions as the ""stumbling bird"" and ""Grigori the octopus."" Smith has said he aimed to be ""as literal as possible"" in interpreting Gravity's Rainbow, but his images are as imaginative and powerful as the prose they honor."
"9781932416770 With a special section on Donald Barthelme, including remembrances from Ann Beattie, David Gates, and Oscar Hijuelos, and some of Barthelme's barely published and never-collected early work, and a highly theoretical but potentially amazing Z-binding that we can't describe very well here, or even to each other, McSweeney's 24 will never be mistaken for anything else. (Except possibly the June 1978 issue of Popular Mechanics.)"
"9780451217769 A novel that examines the nature of justice--and injustice--follows an ordinary man who, through no fault of his own, is hounded, hunted, and almost destroyed for a crime he did not commit."
"9780688052300 The novel, published in 1974, uses a long motorcycle trip to frame a prolonged exploration of the world of ideas, about life and how best to live it. It references perspectives from Western and Eastern Civilizations as it explores the central question of the how to pursue technology so that human life is enriched rather than degraded. Narrated in the first person, it incorporates a parallel presentation of trip details and an ongoing retrospective concerning dramatic events from the Narrator's past, creating rich symbolism and including numerous analogies reinforcing the overall theme of coming to terms with the mysteries of why we exist and how best to live."
"9781401917173 Would you like to discover your infinite potential for healing and moving through life's challenges? If so, The Power of Infinite Love & Gratitude by Dr. Darren R. Weissman will help you view your life from a new and heightened perspective. You'll learn to unleash your mind and body's extraordinary capacity for healing; and you'll begin to understand the complex language of physical symptoms, dis-ease, and stress. This work reveals the journey of your spirit and sheds a new light on one of the greatest mysteries humankind has attempted to unravel—the subconscious mind. As you read, you'll find that you're learning how to transform and master your life based on these key lessons: The universe is infinite; you have free will—a choice with every experience; everything is interconnected; judgment is prohibited; the greatest power is self-love; you need to embrace life with the attitude of gratitude; you must take responsibility for your life; life has meaning; and much more."
"9781841953670 Welcome to the retirement home of Henry and Frances, ex - New Yorkers and professional assassins. A luxury hotel suite in an idyllic, tequila - drenched Caribbean hideaway. It's supposed to be all cocktails and sex on the beach. But when a job icing a Mafioso godfather goes awry, trouble hits paradise . . . in the form of a cross - dressing capo, a debaunched and savage Irish hardman and a slew of incompetant but vicious US marshals. Mix yourself a Tequila Sunrise and dive into Gone Bamboo."
"9781423100188 Teenage stowaway Jack Sparrow and his band of ragtag hoodlums are on a mission to find the legendary Sword of Corts which will grant them unimaginable power, but first they have to survive the power of the sea, vicious pirates, and ancient curses. Original."
"9780060778019 No one in 1917 New York had ever encountered a woman like the Bar-oness Elsa von Freytag-Loringhoven -- poet, artist, proto-punk rocker, sexual libertine, fashion avatar, and unrepentant troublemaker. When she wasn't stalking the streets of Greenwich Village wearing a brassiere made from tomato cans, she was enthusiastically declaiming her poems to sailors in beer halls or posing nude for Man Ray or Marcel Duchamp. In an era of brutal war, technological innovation, and cataclysmic change, the Baroness had resolved to create her own destiny -- taking the center of the Dadaist circle, breaking every bond of female propriety . . . and transforming herself into a living, breathing work of art."
"9780765312938 At the end of Frank Herbert's final novel, Chapterhouse: Dune, a ship carrying a crew of refugees escapes into the uncharted galaxy, fleeing from a terrifying, mysterious Enemy. The fugitives used genetic technology to revive key figures from Dune's past--including Paul Muad'Dib and Lady Jessica--to use their special talents to meet the challenges thrown at them. Based directly on Frank Herbert's final outline, which lay hidden in two safe-deposit boxes for a decade, Sandworms of Dune will answer the urgent questions Dune fans have been debating for two decades: the origin of the Honored Matres, the tantalizing future of the planet Arrakis, the final revelation of the Kwisatz Haderach, and the resolution to the war between Man and Machine. This breathtaking new novel in Frank Herbert's Dune series has enough surprises and plot twists to please even the most demanding reader."
"9780312983307 Jamie Swift and Max Holt find themselves taking on a murderer who is targeting some of the less popular citizens of Beaumont, South Carolina, when they discover that the key to the killings lies in the personal ads of the newspaper."
"9780440506812 The eight-year-old child is an exuberant, outgoing bundle of energy; he meets every challenge head-on, willing to try almost anything. Sometimes parents are amazed at the enthusiasm and excitement with which their child greets the world. However, eight is also a time when the child begins to do a great deal of analyzing and evaluating, finding fault in himself and others--especially Mohter. How do parents help an eight-year-old through this up-and-down age? What should parents expect in their relationships with the child and how can life in the family be made easier? What will the child's relationship with friends and siblings be like? In the successful tradition of the Gesell institute series,Your Eight-Year-Oldis a well-researched, highly accessible guide."
"9780385334235 Flying to a favorite uncle's funeral, a middle-aged Kurt Vonnegut daydreams of one-hundred-year-old Wilbur Oriole-11 Swain, pediatrician and past United States President, who wrote history's most popular child-rearing manual and sold the original Louisian"
"9780687002825 Life at the end of the twentieth century presents us with a disturbing reality. Otherness, the simple fact of being different in some way, has come to be defined as in and of itself evil. Miroslav Volf contends that if the healing word of the gospel is to be heard today, Christian theology must find ways of speaking that address the hatred of the other. Reaching back to the New Testament metaphor of salvation as reconciliation, Volf proposes the idea of embrace as a theological response to the problem of exclusion. Increasingly we see that exclusion has become the primary sin, skewing our perceptions of reality and causing us to react out of fear and anger to all those who are not within our (ever-narrowing) circle. In light of this, Christians must learn that salvation comes, not only as we are reconciled to God, and not only as we ""learn to live with one another,"" but as we take the dangerous and costly step of opening ourselves to the other, of enfolding him or her in the same embrace with which we have been enfolded by God. Is there any hope of embracing our enemies? Of opening the door to reconciliation? Miroslav Volf, a Yale University theologian, has won the 2002 Louisville Grawemeyer Award in Religion for his book, Exclusion & Embrace: A Theological Exploration of Identity, Otherness, and Reconciliation (Abingdon, 1996). Volf argues that ""exclusion"" of people who are alien or different is among the most intractable problems in the world today. He writes, ""It may not be too much to claim that the future of our world will depend on how we deal with identity and difference. The issue is urgent. The ghettos and battlefields throughout the world--in the living rooms, in inner cities, or on the mountain ranges--testify indisputably to its importance."" A Croatian by birth, Volf takes as a starting point for his analysis the recent civil war and ""ethnic cleansing"" in the former Yugoslavia, but he readily finds other examples of cultural, ethnic, and racial conflict to illustrate his points. And, since September 11, one can scarcely help but plug the new world players into his incisive descriptions of the dynamics of interethnic and international strife. Exclusion happens, Volf argues, wherever impenetrable barriers are set up that prevent a creative encounter with the other. It is easy to assume that ""exclusion"" is the problem or practice of ""barbarians"" who live ""over there,"" but Volf persuades us that exclusion is all too often our practice ""here"" as well. Modern western societies, including American society, typically recite their histories as ""narratives of inclusion,"" and Volf celebrates the truth in these narratives. But he points out that these narratives conveniently omit certain groups who ""disturb the integrity of their 'happy ending' plots."" Therefore such narratives of inclusion invite ""long and gruesome"" counter-narratives of exclusion--the brutal histories of slavery and of the decimation of Native American populations come readily to mind, but more current examples could also be found. Most proposed solutions to the problem of exclusion have focused on social arrangements--what kind of society ought we to create in order to accommodate individual or communal difference? Volf focuses, rather, on ""what kind of selves we need to be in order to live in harmony with others."" In addressing the topic, Volf stresses the social implications of divine self-giving. The Christian scriptures attest that God does not abandon the godless to their evil, but gives of Godself to bring them into communion. We are called to do likewise--""whoever our enemies and whoever we may be."" The divine mandate to embrace as God has embraced is summarized in Paul's injunction to the Romans: ""Welcome one another, therefore, just as Christ has welcomed you"" (Romans 15:7). Susan R. Garrett, Coordinator of the Religion Award, said that the Grawemeyer selection committee praised Volf's book on many counts. These included its profound interpretation of certain pivotal passages of Scripture and its brilliant engagement with contemporary theology, philosophy, critical theory, and feminist theory. ""Volf's focus is not on social strategies or programs but, rather, on showing us new ways to understand ourselves and our relation to our enemies. He helps us to imagine new possibilities for living against violence, injustice, and deception."" Garrett added that, although addressed primarily to Christians, Volf's theological statement opens itself to religious pluralism by upholding the importance of different religious and cultural traditions for the formation of personal and group identity. The call to ""embrace the other"" is never a call to remake the other into one's own image. Volf--who had just delivered a lecture on the topic of Exclusion and Embrace at a prayer breakfast for the United Nations when the first hijacked plane hit the World Trade Center--will present a lecture and receive his award in Louisville during the first week of April, 2002. The annual Religion Award, which includes a cash prize of $200,000, is given jointly by Louisville Presbyterian Theological Seminary and the University of Louisville to the authors or originators of creative works that contribute significantly to an understanding of ""the relationship between human beings and the divine, and ways in which this relationship may inspire or empower human beings to attain wholeness, integrity, or meaning, either individually or in community."" The Grawemeyer awards--given also by the University of Louisville in the fields of musical composition, education, psychology, and world order--honor the virtue of accessibility: works chosen for the awards must be comprehensible to thinking persons who are not specialists in the various fields."
"9780451207357 A close friend and business manager for the legendary group portrays the personal lives of the members of the Beatles, from their youth in Liverpool to their rise to success in the world of pop music to the death of John Lennon in 1980. Reprint."
"9780586210697 The world of Athera lives in eternal fog, its skies obscured by the malevolent Mistwraith. Only the combined powers of two half-brothers can challenge the Mistwraith's stranglehold: Arithon, Master of Shadow, and Lysaer, Lord of Light. Arithon and Lysaer soon find that they are inescapably bound to a series of events dictated by their own deepest convictions. Yet as the sorcerers of the Fellowship of Seven know well, there is more at stake than one battle with the Mistwraith: between them the half-brothers hold the balance of the world—its harmony and its future—in their hands."
"9781402732980 A brief, simplified retelling of the episode in ""Treasure Island"" during which Jim Hawkins and his friends set sail in search of a pirate's treasure, and Jim meets Long John Silver, who he soon learns is not a friend at all."
"9781932416480 The latest collection from the literary journal that publishes only works rejected from other magazines, and is committed to publishing work of gifted but underappreciated writers, is presented."
"9780140238280 The lives of two different couples--wealthy Los Angeles liberals Delaney and Kyra Mossbacher, and Candido and America Rincon, a pair of Mexican illegals--suddenly collide, in a story that unfolds from the shifting viewpoints of the various characters"
"9781563899881 Written by Warren Ellis; Art by Darick Robertson and Rodney Ramos; Cover by Robertson The forces of darkness are closing in on outlaw journalist Spider Jerusalem and his merry, filthy band - but now they've got their own rope around the neck of corrupt President Callahan, and it's time to start tightening the noose. TRANSMETROPOLITAN: THE CURE, the ninth volume of the complete collection of the acclaimed series written by Warren Ellis (ORBITER, GLOBAL FREQUENCY) with art by Darick Robertson (Wolverine) and Rodney Ramos (GREEN LANTERN), reprints TRANSMETROPOLITAN #49-54 and features a striking new cover by Robertson. Jerusalem and his cohorts step up their investigation into Callahan's misdeeds and turn up some startling evidence... not to mention a sole surviving witness to the President's depravity. The problem, as always, will be getting the word out before the massive forces of the Executive Branch black out everything - and everyone - involved."
"9780061020704 Terry Pratchett's profoundly irreverent novels are consistent number one bestsellers in England, where they have garnered him a revered position in the halls of parody next to Mark Twain, Kurt Vonnegut, Douglas Adams, and Carl Hiaasen. In The Light Fantastic only one individual can save the world from a disastrous collision. Unfortunately, the hero happens to be the singularly inept wizard Rincewind, who was last seen falling off the edge of the world..."
"9780140125054 Quantum electrodynamics - or QED, for short - is the revolutionary theory that explains how light and electrons interact. Thanks to Richard Feynman and his colleagues, who won the Nobel Prize for their ground-breaking work in this area, it is also one of the rare parts of physics that is known for sure, a theory that has stood the test of time. In these entertaining and witty lectures Feynman uses everyday examples to explain the deepest and most complex mysteries of the world around us, in the definitive introduction to QED."
"9780674705593 Presents an authoritative new edition of the classic text that corrects hundreds of errors and incorporates all of the changes James made in the eight printings he supervised, along with revisions and new material the author added to his own annotated copy."
"9780679765844 Offers thirty-three poems that interweave a complex web of myth, public and private history, family, memory, and invention as they explore the timeless truths of human existence"
"9781565844759 An attractive new edition of two of Chomsky's most popular books on language - an ideal introduction to his pioneering work in modern linguistics. In Part I, Language and Responsibility, the legend discusses his political, moral and linguistic thinking via a series of interviews with French linguist Mitsou Ronat. In Part II, Reflections on Language, he explores the more general implications of his linguistic theories and the controversies among social scientists over fundamental questions of language."
"9780349116648 Iain Banks' daring new novel opens in a loft apartment in the East End, in a former factory due to be knocked down in a few days. Ken Nott is a devoutly contrarian vaguely left wing radio shock-jock living in London. After a wedding breakfast people start dropping fruits from a balcony on to a deserted carpark ten storeys below, then they start dropping other things; an old TV that doesn't work, a blown loudspeaker, beanbags, other unwanted furniture...Then they get carried away and start dropping things that are still working, while wrecking the rest of the apartment. But mobile phones start ringing and they're told to turn on a TV, because a plane has just crashed into the World Trade Centre... At ease with the volatility of modernity, Iain Banks is also our most accomplished literary writer of narrative-driven adventure stories that never ignore the injustices and moral conundrums of the real world. His new novel, displays his trademark dark wit, buoyancy and momentum."
"9780826414533 Central to The Guerilla Film Makers Movie Blueprint are flow charts: crystal-clear diagrams detailing every single thing, no matter how small, that needs to be done to make your film. This visual approach to the filmmaking process ensures that new (and established!) filmmakers get an instant overview of each and every discipline. Backing up the diagrams are copious notes - humorous in tone, yet broad and deep in content. Wherever possible, the text is broken apart into box outs, hot tips and sub-diagrams. This book is entertaining, irreverent, and never less than painfully practical. The Guerilla Film Makers Movie Blueprint will have its own dedicated website where readers can download the tools, forms, software, and artwork detailed in the book. Jones's latest endeavor is packed with over a decade's worth of experience, know-how, and insider tips. A must-read for every budding filmmaker."
"9781576753514 A professor of management studies at McGill University discusses the role of MBA programs in shaping, or failing to shape, good managers, offering advice on how to improve academic business education."
"9780883689448 Recapture God's glory with twelve compelling spiritual biographies of some of the most powerful ministers to ever ignite the fires of revival! Revealing photographs help chronicle the lives of Aimee Sempte McPherson Smith Wigglesworth, Kathryn Kuhlman, William Seymour, and eight others. Draw crucial life applications for yourself from the lives of these mighty warriors."
"9780802137784 Documenting the final months of this literary and countercultural icon, these extremely personal reflections confront U.S. drug policy, the state of the human race, and a host of political and social ills, while meditating on his own approaching death. Reprint."
"9780340838037 For eighteen years the Hartes and the Golds have lived next door to each other, sharing everything from Chinese food to chicken pox to carpool duty. Parents and children alike are best friends - so it's no surprise that in high school Chris and Emily's friendship blossoms into something more. They've been soul mates since they were born. When the midnight calls come in from the hospital, no one is prepared for the appalling truth: Emily is dead at seventeen from a gunshot wound to the head as part of an apparent suicide pact. The gun holds a single unspent bullet that Chris tells police he intended for himself, but a local detective has doubts. And the Hartes and Golds, in a single terrifying moment, must face every parent's worst fear: do we ever really know our children at all?"
"9780393315110 Essays by revisionist historians, scientists, and cultural critics explore the connection between nature and American culture, analyzing how it is packaged and presented at places such as Sea World and the Nature Company stores"
"9780786929207 The first anthology based on characters from the novella ""The Traveling Players of Gilean"" by Margaret Weis and Aron Eisenberg also contains novellas by popular Dragonlance authors Douglas Niles, Richard A. Knaak, Paul B. Thompson, and a new collaboration by Jean Rabe and Aron Eisenberg. Original."
"9781570715839 To celebrate 25 years of extraordinary achievement by the legendary Steppenwolf Theatre Company of Chicago, acclaimed photographer Victor Skrebneski has created an impressive photography book featuring historical production highlights and exclusive portraits of America's most gifted ensemble of artists. Steppenwolf at 25 also contains personal essays penned by several notable American authors and playwrights, including Kurt Vonnegut, Sam Shepard, Don DeLillo, Richard Christiansen, Terry Johnson and Charles L Mee."
"9780664226107 : In this accessible and engaging book, Ralph Wood shows us that J.R.R. Tolkien's masterpiece is a deeply Christian work because it does not blink back the horrors of our terrible times but confronts them with startling honesty. Readers keep turning to this work because here they are immersed in significance and meaning - perceiving the Hope than can be found amidst despair; the Charity that overcomes vengeance; and the Faith that springs from the strange power of weakness. The Gospel According to Tolkien will be loved by both longtime Tolkien fans and those recently drawn to his books through the popular feature films."
"9780060928414 Milan Kundera's lightest novel, a divertimento, an opera buffa, Slowness is also the first of this author's fictional works to have been written in French. Disconcerted and enchanted, the reader follows the narrator of Slowness through a midsummer's night in which two tales of seduction, separated by more than two hundred years, interweave and oscillate between the sublime and the comic. Underlying this libertine fantasy is a profound meditation on contemporary life: about the secret bond between slowness and memory, about the connection between our era's desire to forget and the way we have given ourselves over to the demon of speed. And about ""dancers"" possessed by the passion to be seen, for whom life is merely a perpetual show emptied of every intimacy and every joy."
"9780618554591 While in bed at night, an imaginative child hears sirens from the nearby fire station and creates fantastic stories about what the firefighters are going to do."
"9780195101287 Discusses Holmes' early life, Civil War experiences, legal career, and thirty years on the U.S. Supreme Court, and presents new information regarding his relationship with Clare Castletown"
"9780822002420 The original CliffsNotes study guides offer expert commentary on major themes, plots, characters, literary devices, and historical background. CliffsNotes on Black Boy chronicles the alienation of the author – not only from white society, but from his own people. Richard Wright’s novel is a cry of anguish in the face of the human condition and the tragedy that comes when an individual struggles to overcome it. With this study guide, you’ll experience the events and the unique tone of the novel. Background about the life of the author will help shed light on the novel’s themes. Other features that help you study include Character analyses of major players Chapter summaries and commentaries Critical essays Character genealogy chart Helpful maps Review questions and suggested essay topics Classic literature or modern modern-day treasure — you'll understand it all with expert information and insight from CliffsNotes study guides."
"9781578562589 A guide for women who struggle between a longing for a deeper spiritual life and the demands of their daily responsibilities offers practical advice on how to balance work and worship, offers guilt-reducing reassurance, and explains how readers can experience less stress and greater joy while strengthening their service. Reissue."
"9780439436564 Wednesday has rolled around, and Arthur Penhaligon has an invitation to return to the House that he can't refuse. Drowned Wednesday has sent a ship to pick him up from the hospital ... even though his hometown is miles from any ocean."
"9781400040308 In a saga of genius, madness, and seminal scientific accomplishment, a physicist obsessed with logician Kurt Gdel and mathematician Alan Turing chronicles the lives of both men in parallel narratives that reveal each man's great achievements and sorry deaths. 40,000 first printing."
"9780441864614 On the planet Tarot nothing is real. Or everything. For the shimmering Animation curtain is moving across the worldscape like a storm of monsters, changing fantasy into hideous reality, trapping the wanderer-monk Paul in a nightmare of dragons, demons, and spectacular lusts."
"9780425213971 Alice, a volunteer at an archaeological dig, becomes a target after discovering a pair of crumbling skeletons in the Pyrenees mountains, while eight hundred years in the past, Alaèis, the daughter of a crusader, must safeguard the location of the Holy Grail."
"9781933110332 Michael Lassiter hires J.T. Sloan, a security consultant, to protect his company. Sloan shares a painful past with her associate & friend Jason McBride. Sarah Martin, is a gentle practitioner of eastern medicine. Four very different people, each wounded by personal beytrayal, find their lives inextricably linked."
"9780385335973 In eighteenth-century Scotland, Claire Randall and her raven-haired daughter, Brianna, return to the majestic hills where Claire recalls the love of her life--gallant warrior James Fraser."
"9781400044740 A behind-the-scenes look at the art of French breadmaking includes sixteen recipes from the award-winning Provencal baker, Gerard Auzet, and includes tips for adapting recipes to the American kitchen."
9780441005833 The winner of the Newbery Award for The Hero and the Crown returns to the fairy tale of the Beauty and the Beast to create a haunting portrayal of the transformative power of love. Reprint. PW.
"9780872864757 A Power Governments Cannot Suppress is Howard Zinn’s major new collection of essays on American history, class, immigration, justice, and ordinary citizens who have made a difference."
"9780618002238 The standard hardcover edition of the second volume of The Lord of the Rings includes a large format fold-out map. Frodo and his Companions of the Ring have been beset by danger during their quest to prevent the Ruling Ring from falling into the hands of the Dark Lord by destroying it in the Cracks of Doom. They have lost the wizard, Gandalf, in a battle in the Mines of Moria. And Boromir, seduced by the power of the Ring, tried to seize it by force. While Frodo and Sam made their escape, the rest of the company was attacked by Orcs. Now they continue the journey alone down the great River Anduin -- alone, that is, save for the mysterious creeping figure that follows wherever they go."
"9780761512196 Offers advice on dealing with rejection, recruiting others, managing one's downline, maintaining focus and enthusiasm, conducting home meetings, and easing from a profession to full-time network marketing"
"9781860492914 Combining medical and historical information with real life accounts of ordinary women, this book is an essential guide to the facts, feelings and emotions experienced during pregnancy and birth. It takes you week by week, from the decision to conceive, through to first impressions of life with your baby, offering invaluable information. Topics include: Conception - If and When; Feelings for Your Growing Baby; Your Career and Financial Position; Fear that Something May Go Wrong; Changing Relationships with Family and Friends; Choosing Where and How to Give Birth; How Others Felt - Women Relate their Experiences; The First Few Days with Your Baby"
"9780446617451 - Aspect published the previous novel in the series, The Skrayling Tree, in hardcover (0-446-53104-9) in 2003 and in mass market (0-446-61340-1) in 7/04. The prior novel. The Dreamthief's Daughter (Aspect hardcover, 2001, 0-446-52618-5; mass market, 2002, 0-446-61120-4) received praise from the Washington Post, Denver Post, and Locus, where it was featured on the 2001 Recommended Reading list. - Aspect reissued Moorcock's classic Gloriana, or the Unfulfill'd Queen in trade paperback in 8/04. Gloriana won Moorcock the World Fantasy Award, the John W. Campbell Award, and the British Fantasy Award. - Moorcock's Elric the Eternal Champion saga has been optioned by Universal Pictures, with Chris and Paul Weitz (American Pie) producing. - Michael Moorcock is a vanguard author, editor, journalist, critic, and rock musician, who is editor of the controversial magazine New Worlds. A member of the Science Fiction and Fantasy Hall of Fame, Moorcock has won the Guardian Fiction Prize, the Nebula Award, the World Fantasy Award, and the British Fantasy Award, among others."
"9781416524809 On the eve of a presidential race in which NASA's budget is a pivotal issue, the space agency announces the discovery of an ancient meteorite filled with fossils deep in the Arctic ice."
"9780312934316 Beaumont, South Carolina, has become a hotbed of problems for pediatrician Maggie Farnsworth, when her former boyfriend, an escaped convict, arrives in search of Maggie and her young daughter, with handsome FBI agent Zack Madden in hot pursuit, while the other inhabitants of the town are also enjoying their own brushes with romance. Original."
"9780688151324 Six years before she wrote Little Women, Louisa May Alcott, in financial straits, entered ""Pauline's Passion and Punishment,"" a novelette, in a newspaper contest. Not only did it win the $100 prize, but, published anonymously, it marked the first in the series of ""blood & thunder tales"" that would be her livelihood for years. In Behind a Mask, editor Madeleine Stern introduces four Alcott thrillers: ""Pauline's Passion and Punishment,"" ""The Mysterious Key,"" ""The Abbot's Ghost,"" and the title story, ""Behind a Mask."" First published in one volume in 1975, they are regarded as Alcott's finest work in this genre."
"9780192802385 'his perfect indifference, and your pointed dislike, make it so delightfully absurd!' Pride and Prejudice has delighted generations of readers with its unforgettable cast of characters, carefully choreographed plot, and a hugely entertaining view of the world and its absurdities. With the arrival of eligible young men in their neighbourhood, the lives of Mr and Mrs Bennet and their five daughters are turned inside out and menide down. Pride encounters prejudice, upward-mobility confronts social disdain, and quick-wittedness challenges sagacity, as misconceptions and hasty judgements lead to heartache and scandal, but eventually to true understanding, self-knowledge, and love. In this supremely satisfying story, Jane Austen balances comedy with seriousness, and witty observation with profound insight. If Elizabeth Bennet returns again and again to her letter from Mr Darcy, readers of the novel are drawn even more irresistibly by its captivating wisdom."
9780029221303 A blending of scholarly research and interviews with many of the figures who launched the civil rights movement in the 1960s and 1970s records the events of the movement's tumultuous first decade
"9780345345066 A fantastical anthology of short fiction, poetry, and commentaries by the author of The Lord of the Rings includes ""The Adventures of Tom Bombadil,"" ""Farmer Giles of Ham, and the author's intriguing essay on the art of the fairy story and the treatment of fantasy. Reissue."
"9780141186160 After a brilliant and fulfilling career, Charles Arrowby revels in his perfect refuge, an isolated home by the sea, but soon his complex past makes unbidden visits."
"9780333666388 Andrew Trout's new book on Paris during the period preceding the end Louis XIV's reign is a fascinating social history of the city anchored by the lives of two of its most famous citizens: Cardinal Richelieu and Louis XIV. Beginning with the emergence of Richelieu as a political force and concluding with the end of Louis XIV's reign, Trout describes the city as it looked during the seventeenth century and answers a myriad of interesting questions: Did the houses have numbers? Were residential buildings flush with the street? What was anyone likely to see along the River Seine? By answering such questions, Trout constructs a social history of the city that is unequalled. Trout's book is illustrated with maps and engravings that bring the city to life. City on the Seine is an indispensable work of social history."
"9780815319665 Cold Counsel is the only collection devoted to the place of women in Old Norse literature and culture. It draws upon the disciplines of history, sociology, feminism, ethnography and psychoanalysis in order to raise fresh questions about such new subjects as gender, class, sexuality, family structure and ideology in medieval Iceland."
9780195309683 This revised edition features a new chapter analyzing the failed response to Hurricane Katrina. Steinberg argues that it is wrong to see natural disasters as random outbursts of nature or expressions of divine judgment. He reveals how business and government decisions have paved the way for the greater losses of life and property.
"9780446614160 Laney McLeod's life changes the minute she gets stuck in an elevator in Manhattan-and relies on handsome stranger Deke Sargent to help her fight her claustrophobia. When the power comes back on, Deke and Laney find themselves in a passionate embrace that leads to a night of love. Shocked at her indiscretion, Laney disappears the next morning. Months later, she receives an even greater shock: Deke shows up in her life with an astounding announcement. Unable to forget the chemistry between them, but afraid that she's just another notch on this wealthy playboy's bedpost, Laney is about to discover an even deeper fear...one that she must face or forever lose the one man she can't resist."
"9780142180044 Impish, foul-mouthed Zazie arrives in Paris from the country to stay with Gabriel, her female-impersonator uncle. All she really wants to do is ride the metro, but finding it shut because of a strike, Zazie looks for other means of amusement and is soon caught up in a comic adventure that becomes wilder and more manic by the minute. In 1960 Queneau's cult classic was made into a hugely successful film by Louis Malle. Packed full of word play and phonetic games, Zazie in the Metro remains as stylish and witty as ever."
"9780618710539 The Pulitzer Prize-winning author of Friday Nights Lights chronicles a three-game series between baseball rivals Cardinals and Cubs, focusing particular attention on the stars of the game, Albert Pujols, Sammy Sosa, Mark Prior, and Scott Rolen. Reprint."
"9780758214096 When her cross-dressing psychic's prediction that she would meet her soul mate during an accident comes true, Jamie Peters finds Mr. Right in down-to-earth, honest Jack Davidson, who, unbeknownst to her, has been hired to investigate her for criminal misconduct. Original."
"9780060256753 ""You don't have to shoot me,"" says the young lion. ""I will be your rug and I will lie in front of your fireplace and I won't move a muscle and you can sit on me and toast all the marshmallows you want. I love marshmallows."" But the hunter will not listen to reason, so what is there for a young lion to do? After eating up the hunter, Lafcadio takes the gun home and practices and practices until he becomes the world's greatest sharp-shooter. Now dressed in starched collars and fancy suits, and enjoying all the marshmallows he wants, Lafcadio is pampered and admired wherever he goes. But is a famous, successful, and admired lion a happy lion? Or is he a lion at all? Told and drawn with wit and gusto, Shel Silverstein's modern fable speaks not only to children but to us all!"
"9780262532556 Uncovers the strange medical mystery of synesthesia, a condition in which people can taste shapes or hear and smell colors, and suggests that everyone has synesthetic powers."
"9780439793957 When Jigsaw Jones goes to Vermont with his family for winter break, he has to find a missing good luck charm without the help of his partner, Mila."
"9780226307657 The Grene and Lattimore edition of the Greek tragedies has been among the most widely acclaimed and successful publications of the University of Chicago Press. On the occasion of the Centennial of the University of Chicago and its Press, we take pleasure in reissuing this complete work in a handsome four-volume slipcased edition as well as in redesigned versions of the familiar paperbacks. For the Centennial Edition two of the original translations have been replaced. In the original publication David Grene translated only one of the three Theban plays, Oedipus the King. Now he has added his own translations of the remaining two, Oedipus at Colonus and Antigone, thus bringing a new unity of tone and style to this group. Grene has also revised his earlier translation of Prometheus Bound and rendered some of the former prose sections in verse. These new translations replace the originals included in the paperback volumes Sophocles I (which contains all three Theban plays), Aeschylus II, Greek Tragedies, Volume I, and Greek Tragedies, Volume III, all of which are now being published in second editions. All other volumes contain the translations of the tragedies of Aeschylus, Sophocles, and Euripides for the most part from the original versions first published in the 1940s and 1950s. These translations have been the choice of generations of teachers and students, selling in the past forty years over three million copies."
"9780553299618 Describes a voyage down the Hudson River undertaken by Phaedrus and a troubled companion, who provokes a philosophical crisis as the philosopher-narrator wrestles with essential questions of morality"
"9780393011838 The chemistry professor columnist for the Washington Post's ""Food 101"" presents layperson explanations of kitchen mysteries involving food types, temperature, cooking equipment, and food myths. 30,000 first printing."
"9780140443943 Distinguished by James E. Falen's masterful use of contemporary American English and handling of rhyme and meter, this new translation of Alexander Pushkin's verse novel ably provides English readers with the chance to experience the work of the poet Russians regard as the fountainhead of their literature. The introduction includes Falen's discussion of how his translation compares with those of his predecessors and a general analysis of the poem. Nearly one hundred notes annotate the text."""
"9781854596017 A play about love, death, identity and evolution, from the bestselling and highly acclaimed novelist. Elizabeth, forty-something, childless, recently separated, just wants to be alone. She's moved into a converted Victorian mansion, alive with history, character, woodworm and rot. But worse than that she's besieged by invaders of the human kind. Her best friend, her sister, their mother, the builder and a photographer are all determined to make their mark. And a former inhabitant of the house, disturbed from her resting place by Elizabeth's arrival, revisits her own long-forgotten past. Kate Atkinson's play Abandonment was first performed at the Traverse Theatre, Edinburgh, in 2000."
"9780679890522 In 1838, settlers moving west forced the great Cherokee Nation, and their chief John Ross, to leave their home land and travel 1,200 miles to Oklahoma. An epic story of friendship, war, hope, and betrayal."
"9780679643425 The story of a retired detective who is called upon to solve a perplexing pair of murders is accompanied by commentary, biographical notes, and a reading group guide."
"9780448416731 This specially priced starter set includes six Nancy Drew favorites: ""The Secret of the Old Clock, The Hidden Staircase, The Bungalow Mystery, The Mystery at Lilac Inn, The Secret of Shadow Ranch"" and ""The Secret of Red Gate Farm."""
"9780060922559 Whistleblowing historian Richard Shenkman skewers the nonsense we were all taught about the world’s revolutions, religions, heroes, and inventors in a whirlwind tour of history. Queen Victoria may have usually worn black, but she loved to drink and party. The English were conned during World War II. Winston Churchill’s famous “finest hour” radio broadcast was not delivered by Winston Churchill but by Norman Shelley, an actor hired to be Churchill’s stand-in. Marie Antoinette did not say, “Let them eat cake,” Churchill didn’t coin the phrase “the Iron Curtain,” and Caesar never said, “Et tu, Brute?” Scandal in the English monarchy is nothing new: Fifteen kings fathered children out of wedlock. One queen helped depose her husband so her lover could take his place. Three English kings were gay. Eclectic, eccentric, edifying, and fun, Richard Shenkman’s eye-opening revelations prove that much of history is indeed “but a fable agreed upon.”"
"9780006482079 Tricked once more by his wily half-brother, Lysaer, Lord of Light, arrives at the tiny harbor town of Merior to find that Arithon's ship yards have been abandoned and meticulously destroyed, and that the Master of Shadow has disappeared as if into thin air. Meanwhile Arithon and the Mad Prophet Dakar are traveling on foot through the treacherous Kelhorn Mountains towards the Vastmark clans, there to raise further support for his cause. But raising a warhost is a costly business. Is it mere coincidence that Princess Talith—Lysaer's beautiful, headstrong wife—is taken captive and held for a vast ransom by a master brigand? The forces of light and shadow circle and feint, drawing ever closer to a huge conflict. And in the background the Fellowship of Seven Sorcerers and the Koriani Enchantresses watch and plan, and wait."
9781929241637 The great military exploits of Confederate General 'Stonewall' Jackson are studied in military schools the world over. His iron-will and stern self-disciple are legendary. But the real Thomas J.Jackson was also a humble Christian and a loving husband and father. The tender and instructive letters he wrote to his wife Anna are a model of godly leadership and covenantal faithfulness.
"9781598161991 Sumire is demoted from her job on the same day that she discovers her boyfriend cheated on her, but things look up when she meets Momo, an engaging homeless guy who makes her life even more complicated."
"9780380731220 A good salary and an all-expenses-paid summer spent a sprawling Arizona ranch is too good a deal for fledgling anthropologist D.J. Abbott to turn down. What does it matter that her rich new employer/benefactor, Hank Hunnicutt, is a certified oddball who is presently funding all manner of off-beat projects, from alien conspiracy studies to a hunt for dragon bones? There's even talk of treasure buried in the nearby mountains, but D.J. isn't going to allow loose speculation -- or the considerable charms of handsome professional treasure hunter Jesse Franklin -- to sidetrack her. Until Hunnicutt suffers a mysterious accident and then vanishes, leaving the weirdos gathered at his spread to eye each other with frightened suspicion. But on a high desert search for the missing millionaire, D.J. is learning things that may not be healthy for her to know. For the game someone is playing here goes far beyond the rational universe -- and it could leave D.J. legitimately dead."
"9780224072656 Cleverly appropriated old-fashioned animation imagery and advertising styles of the 1920s and 1930s are put to use in Quimby the Mouse at the service of modern vignettes of angst and existentialism. As this cartoon silhouette of a mouse ignominiously suffers at every turn, the spaces between the panels create despair and a Beckett-like rhythm of hope deceived and deferred (but never quite extinguished), buoying Quimby from page to page. Like Ware's first book, Jimmy Corrigan, Quimby is saturated with Ware's genius, including consistently amazing graphics, insanely perfectionist production values, cut-out-and-assemble paper projects, and the formal complexity of his narratives that have earned him the reputation as one of the most prodigious artists of his generation."
"9780563522751 Was medieval England full of knights on horseback rescuing fainting damsels in distress? Were the Middle Ages mired in superstition and ignorance? Why does nobody ever mention King Louis the First and Last? And, of course, those key questions: which monks were forbidden the delights of donning underpants... and did outlaws never wear trousers? Terry Jones and Alan Ereira are your guides to this most misrepresented and misunderstood period, and they point you to things that will surprise and provoke. Did you know, for example, that medieval people didn't think the world was flat? That was a total fabrication by an American journalist in the 19th century. Did you know that they didn't burn witches in the Middle Ages? That was a refinement of the so-called Renaissance. In fact, medieval kings weren't necessarily merciless tyrants, and peasants entertained at home using French pottery and fine wine. Terry Jones' Medieval Lives reveals Medieval Britain as you have never seen it before - a vibrant society teeming with individuality, intrigue and innovation."
"9781419317262 Despite his overwhelming fear of interacting with people, Christopher, a mathematically-gifted, autistic fifteen-year-old boy, decides to investigate the murder of a neighbor's dog and uncovers secret information about his mother."
"9781842430224 A sort of love story revealing the purpose of the moon, the difference between criminals and outlaws, and the problem with redheads. Also paints a humorous portrait of contemporary society."
"9780141441115 A combination of social satire and science fiction, this novel presents the story of George Ponderovo, a young man who leaves college to help his Uncle Edward market a pleasant-tasting but bogus medical cure-all named Tono-Bungay. Reprint."
"9780064420815 Gentle adaptations of Laura Ingalls Wilder's celebrated Little House stories have been gathered together here in two new titles in our Little House Chapter Book series. In Christmas Stories, join Laura and her family for some pioneer Christmas celebrations. Christmas on the frontier means visits from friends, good things to eat, and presents! For Laura, every Christmas in the little house is better than the one before. Laura and her friends share wonderful adventures in Little House Friends. From racing ponies with cousin Lena to bobsled rides with Cap Garland and the gang, Laura loves spending time with her friends. Even mean old Nellie Oleson can't spoil Laura's fun!With simple text, entertaining stories, and Renee Graef's beautiful black-and-white artwork, Little House Chapter Books are the perfect way to introduce beginning chapter-book readers to the world of Little House."
"9781565041912 Young and old, familiar fans and newcomers, will be captivated by Michael Moorcock's legendary Eternal Champion collection. Timeless, classic and beyond a doubt one of the foundations of modern Fantasy, the Eternal Champion is a series of stories that no Fantasy aficionado should pass up. Includes The Eternal Champion, Phoenix in Obsidian, To Rescue Tanelorn and The Sundered Worlds."
9780679761785 A drama focusing on the murder of a black youth by a white man in a Southern town and the racism and violent emotions it engenders.
"9780060575816 Sabriel, daughter of the necromancer Abhorsen, must journey into the mysterious and magical Old Kingdom to rescue her father from the Land of the Dead."
"9780060815912 After pitched battle, The White—the avatars of the Five Gods—have briefly turned back the vicious invaders. And now, the priestess Auraya is sent on an urgent mission to reconcile with the powerful, outcast Dreamweavers, for their magical healing abilities may be the key to saving the land. But as a deadly plague devastates their allies and old adversaries resurface, a dreadful surprise may ruin the chance for peace. For Auraya's terrible discovery will force her into a desperate choice—one whose consequences will change the world forever."
"9781421509594 A flash flood turns the desert into a drowned world, and the students struggle to protect the school--and their precious vegetable garden--from the deluge. But just as the first vegetables are ready to harvest, the crop is infested with a strange fungus. Was all their work for nothing? Lonely for home and their parents, the students make a surrogate mother out of a statue...only to find it replaced one day by a new, terrifying idol..."
"9781405153607 Alister McGrath’s internationally-acclaimed Christian Theology: An Introduction is one of the most widely used textbooks in Christian theology. Fully revised and featuring lots of new material, this fourth edition provides an unparalleled introduction to 2,000 years of Christian thought. A fully revised new edition of the bestselling introductory textbook in Christian theology Features new sections on monastic schools of theology, the English Reformation, and Radical Orthodoxy Includes increased discussion of women in the early Church, feminist theology, Eastern Orthodox theology and history, and Catholic teachings on the Doctrine of the Church Incorporates user-friendly key terms sections, and study questions Supported by a website at www.blackwellpublishing.com/mcgrath, containing additional lecturer resources."
"9780688166250 The co-author of The Celestine Prophecy Experiential Guide helps readers uncover the unsuspected, untapped power of synchronicity and intuition that will bring success, satisfaction, and serenity. Everyone really has a purpose in life, says Carol Adrienne in her new guide to harnessing the power inside yourself. The question is: How do you learn to go with the flow and let your true nature guide you? Chapter by chapter, The Purpose of Your Life explains how to locate the source of your innate energy and focus it, how to align yourself with the natural forces that swirl around us always, and how to develop the intuition that fosters synchronicity. The book is packed with illuminating anecdotes and profiles of fascinating people -- from artists to urban planners to Zen masters -- who describe how they found their own purposes. There are practical exercises throughout, along with charts, self-questionnaires, and other tools that help you understand yourself and your deepest aspirations. As you learn to recognize and trust the voice of intuition, you'll find new doors opening and new possibilities everywhere. You'll feel invigorated by the potential you've unleashed, a power that will only grow with each new accomplishment. And you'll discover the serenity and satisfaction that come only to those who are living life to the fullest. The Force is with you -- all you have to do is reach out and start to use it."
"9780393316025 Dr. Edwin Spindrift, a linguist, decides to escape from the hospital the night before his brain tumor surgery is scheduled and discovers a world of people exists outside his universe of words"
"9780830826193 In this New Studies in Biblical Theology exploration of Mark's Gospel, Peter G. Bolt looks at why the cross is so prominent in the narrative, asks what contribution Mark's teaching can make to our understanding of the atonement and shows how this teaching can inform, correct and enrich our own preaching of the gospel in the contemporary world."
"9780393324358 ""Jong . . . filled a gap in the great tradition of the picaresque novel. . . . Linguistically, ""Fanny"" is a tower of strength. . . . Jong has gone farther than Joyce.""--Anthony Burgess, ""Saturday Review."""
"9780060598846 Dear Reader: In a previous life, before the time of Plum, I wrote twelve short romance novels. Red-hot screwball comedies, each and every one of them. Nine of these stories were originally published by the Loveswept line between the years 1988 and 1992. All went out-of-print immediately and then could be found only at used bookstores and yard sales. I'm excited to tell you that those nine stories are now being re-released by HarperCollins. Love Overboard is second in the lineup, and it's presented here in almost original form. I've done only minor editing to correct some embarrassing bloopers missed the first time around. And I changed the title because I thought the original title (Ivan Takes a Wife) was boring! Love Overboard is a romantic tale about a handsome ship's captain; a wary wench from Jersey City; a hundred-year-old, two-masted schooner; and an entire town of shoemakers. There's some getting naked, some blueberry pie, more getting naked, and at the end . . . Okay, I won't tell you about the end, but it's really good and it'll make you feel happy. I took my family on the road trip from heck to research this book. When we finally got to Maine it was all worthwhile because we fell in love with the boats and the people who sailed them. Enjoy!"
"9780060976101 Set in Nicaragua in 1984, The Stars at Noon is a story of passion, fear, and betrayal told in the voice of an American woman whose mission in Central America is as shadowy as her surroundings. Is she a reporter for an American magazine as she sometimes claims, or a contact person for Eyes of Peace? And who is the rough English businessman with whom she becomes involved? As the two foreigners become entangled in increasingly sinister plots, Denis Johnson masterfully dramatizes a powerful vision of spiritual bereavement and corruption."
"9780765350503 Sir Able returns to Mythgathr on his steed Cloud, a great mare the color of her name. Able is filled with new knowledge of the ways of the seven-fold world and possessed of great magical secrets. His knighthood now beyond question, Able works to fulfill his vows to his king, his lover, his friends, his gods, and even his enemies. Able must set his world right, restoring the proper order among the denizens of all the seven worlds. The Wizard is a charming, riveting, emotionally charged tale of wonders, written with all the beauty one would expect from a writer whom Damon Knight called ""a national treasure."""
"9780486451381 Banned in Russia, Tolstoy's The Kingdom of God Is Within You was deemed a threat to church and state. The culmination of a lifetime's thought, it espouses a commitment to Jesus's message of turning the other cheek. In a bold and original manner, Tolstoy shows his readers clearly why they must reject violence of any sort—even that sanctioned by the state or the church—and urges them to look within themselves to find the answers to questions of morality. In 1894, one of the first English translations of this book found its way into the hands of a young Gandhi. Inspired by its message of nonresistance to evil, the Mahatma declared it a source of ""independent thinking, profound morality, and truthfulness."" Much of this work's emotional and moral appeal lies in its emphasis on fair treatment of the poor and working class. Its view of Christianity, not as a mystic religion but as a workable philosophy originating from the words of a remarkable teacher, extends its appeal to secular and religious readers alike."
"9780140437850 In 1665 the plague swept through London, claiming over 97,000 lives. Daniel Defoe was just five at the time of the plague, but he later called on his own memories, as well as his writing experience, to create this vivid chronicle of the epidemic and its victims. 'A Journal' (1722) follows Defoe's fictional narrator as he traces the devastating progress of the plague through the streets of London. Here we see a city transformed: some of its streets suspiciously empty, some - with crosses on their doors - overwhelmingly full of the sounds and smells of human suffering. And every living citizen he meets has a horrifying story that demands to be heard."
"9780060586546 Billy Budd, Sailor and Bartleby, the Scrivener are two of the most revered shorter works of fiction in history. Here, they are collected along with 19 other stories in a beautifully redesigned collection that represents the best short work of an American master.As Warner Berthoff writes in his introduction to this volume, ""It is hard to think of a major novelist or storyteller who is not also a first-rate entertainer . . . a master, according to choice, of high comedy, of one or another robust species of expressive humour, or of some special variety of the preposterous, the grotesque, the absurd. And Melville, certainly, is no exception. A kind of vigorous supervisory humour is his natural idiom as a writer, and one particular attraction of his shorter work is the fresh further display it offers of this prime element in his literary character."""
"9780020867401 One of C.S. Lewis's most imaginative creations, this world-famous book is a humorous correspondence between the devil Screwtape and his apprentice Wormwood, whose job is to produce a human's soul for eternity in hell. Filled with astute insights into temptation, repentance, and grace, this wonderful tale intelligently explores what it means to live a good, honest life and is a favorite of Lewis fans."
"9781400076581 A collection of poetry spanning the full range of the African-born author's acclaimed career has been updated to include seven never-before-published works, as well as much of his early poetry that explores such themes as the African consciousness, the tragedy of Biafra, and the mysteries of human relationships. Original. 20,000 first printing."
"9780898709193 Alex Jones was an on-fire Penecostal minister in Detroit Who was a completely dedicated shepherd of his flock. He greatly loved his people and they loved him. In seeking to give his flock the most genuine experience of the early Church prayer and worship services, he carefully read Scripture, the Fathers of the Church and writings of the early saints. The more he read, the more Alex came to the startling conclusion that the present day Catholic Church - and the Holy Mass - is the same exact worship service from the very early Church. Alex began to share his findings with his parish, and eventually Alex, and most of his parish, joined the Catholic Church. This is his incredible story of a black Penecostal minister's challenging and dramatic spiritual jounrey, and the flock that followed him. Today he preaches with his usual passion about Christ - as a Catholic deacon! This book tells the story of Alex's life from his chidhood all the way to his conversion to Catholicism in 2001. It simultaneously tells the story of his wife, Donna, and her spiritual journey as well, which shows how they were not always on the same path during Alex's preparation for entering the Catholic Church. Each had to be personally, deeply convinced that this momentous, life-changing and career-changing spiritual decision was God's will for them."
"9780811201087 Some writers attempt to conceal the literary influences which have shaped their thinking - but not Henry Miller. In The Books in My Life he shares the thrills of discovery that many kinds of books have brought to a keenly curious and questioning mind. Some of Miller's favorite writers are the giants whom most of us revere - authors such as Dostoeyvsky, Boccaccio, Walt Whitman, James Joyce, Thomas Mann, Lao-Tse. To them he brings fresh and penetrating insights. But many are lesser-known figures: Krishnamurti, the prophet-sage; the French contemporaries Blaise Cendrars and Jean Giono; Richard Jeffries, who wrote The Story of My Heart ; the Welshman John Cowper Powys; and scores of others. The Books in My Life contains some fine autobiographical chapters, too. Miller describes his boyhood in Brooklyn, when he devoured the historical stories of G. A. Henty and the romances of Rider Haggard. He tells of the men and women whom he regards as living books"": Lou Jacobs, W. E. B. DuBois, Elizabeth Gurley Flynn, and others. He offers his reminiscences of the New York Theatre in the early 1900's - including plays such as Alias Jimmy Valentine and Nellie, the Beautiful Cloak Model . And finally, in Miller's best vein of humor, he provides a satiric chapter on bathroom reading. In an appendix, Miller lists the hundred books that have influenced him most. """
"9780743496148 USA Today bestselling author of The Givenchy Code Julie Kenner reloads for her second novel of high-heeled thrills as another woman gets pulled into a mysterious world of extreme gaming where she must play or die. Aspiring actress Jennifer Crane knows all about games -- the games girls play to get a guy; the games actresses play to land a part; and the good old game of credit-card roulette. (How else is a girl supposed to afford her shoes?) But she never expected to be playing a game with life-or-death consequences. Unable to successfully score an acting gig, she has, instead, been cast in the role of reluctant bodyguard to a real-life assassin's target -- a dashing FBI agent of all people! -- and must embark with him upon a scavenger hunt across Manhattan in search of the ultimate prize: survival. Before this, Jenn's definition of fighting dirty has been elbowing her way to the front of the line at a Manolo sample sale. Now, if she wants to stay alive, she's going to have to learn a few new uses for her stilettos. . . and they ain't pretty. Fast, flirty, and full of great footwear, The Manolo Matrix is another electrifying adventure in this breakout series for fashionistas who love a perfectly appointed mystery."
"9780451216779 A man with a talent for writing letters that get results, from editorials to complaints to love letters--Jason Handford is delighted when he is offered a job to write letters for a living, until he discovers that his new career has horrific implications. Original."
"9780141184845 Jorge Luis Borges's Labyrinths is a collection of short stories and essays showcasing one of Latin America's most influential and imaginative writers. This Penguin Modern Classics edition is edited by Donald A. Yates and James E. Irby, with an introduction by James E. Irby and a preface by André Maurois. Jorge Luis Borges was a literary spellbinder whose tales of magic, mystery and murder are shot through with deep philosophical paradoxes. This collection brings together many of his stories, including the celebrated 'Library of Babel', whose infinite shelves contain every book that could ever exist, 'Funes the Memorious' the tale of a man fated never to forget a single detail of his life, and 'Pierre Menard, Author of the Quixote', in which a French poet makes it his life's work to create an identical copy of Don Quixote. In later life, dogged by increasing blindness, Borges used essays and brief tantalising parables to explore the enigma of time, identity and imagination. Playful and disturbing, scholarly and seductive, his is a haunting and utterly distinctive voice. Jorge Luis Borges (1899-1986) was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina. A poet, critic and short story writer, he received numerous awards for his work including the 1961 International Publisher's Prize (shared with Samuel Beckett). He has a reasonable claim, along with Kafka and Joyce, to be one of the most influential writers of the twentieth century. If you enjoyed Labyrinths, you might like Franz Kafka's Metamorphosis and Other Stories, also available in Penguin Modern Classics. 'His is the literature of eternity'Peter Ackroyd, The Times 'One of the towering figures of literature in Spanish'James Woodall, Guardian 'Probably the greatest twentieth-century author never to win the Nobel Prize'Economist"
9780735611313 A discussion of the history and future of coding theory celebrates the ingenuity of language systems and their uses from Braille and Morse code through binary codes to 32-bit operating systems.
"9780812696011 ""A collection of philosophical essays about the undead: beings such as vampires and zombies who are physically or mentally dead yet not at rest. Topics addressed include the metaphysics and ethics of undeath""--Provided by publisher."
"9780345368430 Seconds after its initial launch, Starship Titanic undergoes SMEF (Spontaneous Massive Existence Failure) and vanishes, only to mysteriously turn up at the home of Dan and Lucy Gibson, residents of a remote, little-known planet called Earth. Reprint."
"9781880685358 Provides poker strategies for every phase of tournament play, covering the early phase where the stakes are small to later tactics such as bluffing, flops, scare cards, playing shorthanded, loose games, and endgame play."
"9780312357771 When Marcus Didius Falco, a Roman ""informer"" who has a nose for trouble that's sharper than most, encounters Sosia Camillina in the Forum, he senses immediately all is not right with the pretty girl. She confesses to him that she is fleeing for her life, and Falco makes the rash decision to rescue her--a decision he will come to regret. For Sosia bears a heavy burden: as heavy as a pile of stolen Imperial ingots, in fact. Matters just get more complicated when Falco meets Helena Justina, a Senator's daughter who is connected to the very same traitors he has sworn to expose. Soon Falco finds himself swept from the perilous back alleys of Ancient Rome to the silver mines of distant Britain--and up against a cabal of traitors with blood on their hands and no compunction whatsoever to do away with a snooping plebe like Falco...."
"9780385491082 A sardonic novel follows the bored wife of an anti-nuclear activist on a fantastic adventure from Canada to Italy, involving literary fame, a blackmailing reporter, menacing plots, passionate trysts, and life in death. Reissue."
"9780061054679 On the world of Athera, the fate of all realms hangs on the resolution of the brutal conflict born of prince against prince. Branded a minion of evil -- escaping the death sentence imposed by his half-brother Lysaer and his Alliance of Light -- Arithon, Master of Shadow, now faces the last choice remaining to him in the merciless winter wilds: to cast his lot with a renegade enchanter whom Arithon dares not trust ... or die by the swords of fanatical enemies."
"9780872863101 The epigraph for Howl is from Walt Whitman: ""Unscrew the locks from the doors!/Unscrew the doors themselves from their jambs!"" Announcing his intentions with this ringing motto, Allen Ginsberg published a volume of poetry which broke so many social..."
"9780553377767 A collection of twenty-two fairy tales by the Nobel Prize-winning novelist, most translated into English for the first time, show the influence of German Romanticism, psychoanalysis, and Eastern religion on his development as an author. Simultaneous."
"9780689862465 Whistler and Lila, two of the mice children who live in a lighthouse, meet a young octopus when they visit the beach during low tide."
"9780099498667 Firefly Summer is warm, humorous, sad and happy. Reading it is a joy' Irish Independent. Kate and John Ryan have four children, of whom the eldest are Michael and Dara. Their small town is peaceful and friendly, an unchanging background for a golden childhood. In long, hot summers Michael and Dara and their friends fish and swim or play in the ivy-clad ruins of Fernscourt, the great house burned down during the Troubles... No one in Mountfern has the slightest inkling of what it will mean when the ruins are bought by Patrick O'Neill, an Irish American with a dream in his heart and a great deal of money in his pocket. It is not until the very end of this drama, with its interlocking stories of love lost and won, ambitions nurtured and secrets betrayed, that Patrick O'Neill will understand the irony and the significance of his great dream for Mountfern."
"9780393323528 The author of Liar's Poker and The Next New Thing explains the Internet's role in how people live, work, and think, identifying a status revolution in which individuals are key players, and offers a forecast of future implications of this technological revolution on human society. Reprint. 55,000 first printing."
"9780486296388 Forty-two clear, accurate drawings (all in proper sequence) depict everything that goes on in a beginner's class, from lacing up the ballet shoe to executing the perfect arabesque. Illustrated instructions as well for proper posture, warm-up exercises, arm movements and much more. Inspirational, encouraging and instructive advice."
"9781579126896 Three classic Hercule Poirot mysteries by the grand dame of the genre are reissued, repackaged, and revitalized. ""What more can a mystery addict desire?""--""New York Times."""
"9780743226721 Draws on personal correspondence and period diaries to present a history of the American Revolution that includes the siege of Boston, the American defeat at Brooklyn, the retreat across New Jersey, and the American victory at Trenton."
"9780439709101 Twelve-year-old Meggie learns that her father Mo, a bookbinder, can ""read"" fictional characters to life when an evil ruler named Capricorn, freed from the novel ""Inkheart"" years earlier, tries to force Mo to release an immortal monster from the story."
"9781569719626 The Clone Wars have begun! Ever since they were mentioned in the very first Star Wars film, fans have been dying to know more. Attack of the Clones offered a glimpse, but ""The Defense of Kamino"" brings the galaxy-wide conflict into full view! Two undercover Jedi discover a Separatist plan to destroy the cloning facility on the watery world of Kamino, thus crippling the Republic's ability to maintain their clone army. Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker are part of a Jedi fighter squadron sent to protect the installation, but they learn that there are heroes fighting for the Separatist cause as well as for the Republic, and that Jango Fett, though dead, still has something to say about how this war is fought! Meanwhile, Mace Windu, the leader of the Jedi Council, must deal with a rift in the Jedi ranks--a matter that reveals a Jedi traitor and a new Dark Jedi working in league with Dooku. Mace is considered one of the best swordsmen in the galaxy, but can he stand up to the swordmaster who taught him everything he knows--including the mysterious techinque known as ""Vaapad""? New characters and new worlds are revealed as the Clone Wars spreads throughout the galaxy! This volume collects Star Wars: Republic #49-50 and Star Wars: Jedi -- Mace Windu"
"9780345423870 Set in the author's native Australia, a controversial debut novel reminiscent of Trainspotting follows a young couple's descent into slavery to heroin, which forces them to make money by any means necessary. Original."
"9780809596812 Anna Karenina may be the greatest single novel ever written; it may also be just plainly and sublimely good. Regardless, there is no doubt that Anna Karenina (generally considered Tolstoy's finest novel) is a sublime achievement. Anna, miserable in a loveless marriage, succumbs to the desire for the dashing Vronsky. That sort of thing didn't stand one in good stead in 19th-century Russia; bad goes to worse, and the end Anna comes to is the stuff of legend. Tolstoy seamlessly captures a weaves a tapestry of Russian society -- as Matthew Arnold wrote in his celebrated essay on Tolstoy, We are not to take Anna Karenina as a work of art; we are to take it as a piece of life. One of the greatest love stories in world literature. -- Vladimir Nabokov"
"9780312424688 Features the author's selection of essays, true stories, autobiographical writings, prefaces, collaborations with artists, and articles, covering topics ranging from New York City and Kafka to Sir Walter Raleigh and high-wire artist Philippe Petit."
"9780375758232 Revisiting a recurring American obsession with the French capital, the author takes a look at Paris and what it means to Americans as he describes his own relationship with the city."
"9780805078428 A richly illustrated reference chronicles the history of New York City, from early Native American culture to the present day, capturing the events, inhabitants, neighborhoods, ethnic diversity, and more in a collection of full-color maps, period photographs, drawings, charts, and concise essays. Original. 25,000 first printing."
"9780764596865 ""You can always tell a Bon App?tit recipe: It's a sophisticated twist on a beloved classic, and it's easy to make...our goal is to give you the cumulative expertise of Bon App?tit, with more than 1,200 recipes that will be delicious, first time out.""?Barbara Fairchild First launched in 1956, Bon App?tit is America?s favorite and most widely read food and entertaining magazine, with a circulation of 1.3 million. Now, for the first time, The Bon App?tit Cookbook brings together more than 1,200 of the magazine?s all-time best-loved recipes for every meal and occasion. The book is accessible and user-friendly -- just like the magazine -- and includes clear explanations and exclusive tips from the Bon App?tit test kitchen, along with 59 detailed illustrations of ingredients and techniques. The recipes have been skillfully selected to represent the very best of the magazine?s sophisticated, foolproof style: easy-to-make dishes that incorporate a variety of regional and international influences -- recipes that are delicious the first time out. From Cajun-Grilled Shrimp to Artichoke and Mushroom Lasagna to Hot and Sticky Apricot-Glazed Chicken to Molasses Chewies with Brown Sugar Glaze, there are dishes that will tempt every palate. Complete with a gorgeous 32-page color insert and a simple yet elegant design throughout, The Bon App?tit Cookbook is a must for those who truly love to make and enjoy great food."
"9780671662349 The reminiscences of Miep Gies, the woman who hid the Frank family in Amsterdam during the Second World War, presents a vivid story of life under Nazi occupation."
"9780553112443 When a magical little girl named Dark shows a frightened little boy the power of ""switching on the night"", his fears quickly fade away as he views the beauty of the stars and moon against the dark night sky. Reprint."
"9780345480057 Left to raise themselves in a small coal-mining town in Tennessee, Anneth and Easter, two very different sisters--one destined for the glittering world of Nashville, the other a devout Pentecostal--struggle to come to terms with the death of their mother as their long and difficult journey brings them back to their origins and to each other. By the author of Clay's Quilt. Reader's Guide included. Reprint. 30,000 first printing."
"9780064405454 In January 1914, with an unsuccessful college experience and a broken romance with Joe behind her, twenty-one-year-old Betsy, traveling alone for the first time, determines to enjoy every moment of her long trip around Europe."
9780237526887 The abridged adventures of a French professor and his two companions as they sail above and below the world's oceans as prisoners on the fabulous electric submarine of the deranged Captain Nemo.
"9780761501664 In this new and expanded edition of one of the biggest selling financial-planning books ever, Chilton simplifies the complex puzzles of personal finance and helps you achieve financial independence. With the help of his fictional barber, Roy, and a large dose of humor, Chilton shows you how you can take control of your financial future slowly, steadily, and with sure success. Chilton's plan (detailed in an entertaining story) is no get-rich-quick scheme, but it does make financial independence possible on nothing more than an average salary. Even if you consider yourself a financial basket-case, Chilton explains how you can easily put an effective financial plan into action.About the Author ""David Chilton is the president of Financial Awareness Corporation, a financial consulting firm. ""The Wealthy Barber"" and ""The Wealthy Barber Returns"" TV shows have enjoyed tremendous popularity since first airing on Public Television in the spring of 1993."
9781841811109 This title seeks to help the reader create a garden that is a haven of tranquility by drawing on the principles of Zen aesthetics and by incorporating elements of Zen philosophy and symbolism into garden design. It shows how to design rock and water gardens which symbolize spiritual qualities.
"9781560257011 Here are three of the filthiest-and yet, in their own way, sweetest—screenplays ever written: Pink Flamingos, Desperate Living, and Flamingos Forever. Intermixed with the scripts are dozens of classic stills from the films. In Pink Flamingos, Waters's muse and leading lady, Divine, a 300-pound cross-dresser who could turn your stomach in one scene and break your heart in the next, competes with her family for the title of ""filthiest people alive""—as readers will see, it's really anyone's game. Desperate Living is a perverse fairy tale featuring gun-toting lesbians, leather-clad castle guards, and a repulsive queen who has her own daughter gang-raped among other atrocities. Flamingos Forever is the unproduced sequel to Pink Flamingos, set fifteen years after the original, when the rivalry for ""filthiest people alive"" is revived; it was never filmed, Waters tells us, because by the time it was written, too many of the original cast had died—this book is the only chance for Water's fans to read it."
"9780262571036 An Odyssey in Learning and Perception documents a fifty-year intellectual expedition in the areas of learning and perception--always with an eye to combining them in a theory of perceptual learning and development, a theory that may be broadly applicable to humans and nonhumans, young and old. In the field of psychology, beginning in the 1950s, Eleanor J. Gibson nearly single-handedly developed the field of perceptual learning with a series of brilliant studies that culminated in the seminal work, Perceptual Learning and Development. An Odyssey in Learning and Perception brings together Gibson's scientific papers, including difficult-to-find or previously unpublished work, along with classic studies in perception and action. Gibson introduces each paper to show why the research was undertaken and concludes each section with comments linking the findings to later developments. A personal essay touches on the questions and concerns that guided her research."
"9780060841867 Traces the author's personal view of the history and significance of the novel in western civilization, arguing that a novel's development crosses international and language boundaries while serving to reveal previously unknown aspects of a reader's existence. By the author of The Art of the Novel. 35,000 first printing."
"9780373250479 Tracey Spadolini from ""Slightly Single"" is back and looking and feeling fabulous. But Tracey soon finds herself the object of desire of three men. When did life for Tracey get so complicated?"
"9780300000894 A noted psychoanalyst assesses the modern issue between traditional religion and a philosophy that takes as the sole aim in life the satisfaction of instinctive and material values. ""A daring book to have cast into the midst of the world's excitements, for it will itself breed new excitements...it is not a book to be missed by those interested in man's spiritual growth.""--New York Times"
"9781587680267 Reveals the complex friendship between the two literary figures, noting their shared academic experiences at Oxford University, Lewis's influence on Tolkien's completion of The Lord of the Rings, and the differences in their temperaments and spiritual beliefs. Original."
"9780802138293 A startling portrait of big money, big politics, and big ambitions follows the checkered fortunes of the Morgan empire from Victorian England to the shores of America, where it has continued to exert influence for 150 years. winner of the National Book Award. reprint."
"9780743477888 'This was much more than a bunch of guys out on an exploring and collecting expedition. This was a military expedition into hostile territory'. In 1803 President Thomas Jefferson selected his personal secretary, Captain Meriwether Lewis, to lead a pioneering voyage across the Great Plains and into the Rockies. It was completely uncharted territory; a wild, vast land ruled by the Indians. Charismatic and brave, Lewis was the perfect choice and he experienced the savage North American continent before any other white man. UNDAUNTED COURAGE is the tale of a hero, but it is also a tragedy. Lewis may have received a hero's welcome on his return to Washington in 1806, but his discoveries did not match the president's fantasies of sweeping, fertile plains ripe for the taking. Feeling the expedition had been a failure, Lewis took to drink and piled up debts. Full of colourful characters - Jefferson, the president obsessed with conquering the west; William Clark, the rugged frontiersman; Sacagawea, the Indian girl who accompanied the expedition; Drouillard, the French-Indian hunter - this is one of the great adventure stories of all time and it shot to the top of the US bestseller charts. Drama, suspense, danger and diplomacy combine with romance and personal tragedy making UNDAUNTED COURAGE an outstanding work of scholarship and a thrilling adventure."
"9780312352189 Presents a fictional portrait of the sixth wife of Henry VIII, Catherine Parr, following this alluring and resourceful woman from the intrigues and perils of Henry's court to her rivalry with Princess Elizabeth for the affections of Thomas Seymour."
"9781400034697 The Nobel Prize-winning author of Love in the Time of Cholera presents a collection of twelve stories that feature an aging streetwalker and her gravesite-mourning dog, a bereaved father's journey to Rome, a paranoid husband, and more. Reprint."
"9781879181489 While researching the 2012 end-date of the Maya Calendar, John Major Jenkins decoded the Maya's galactic cosmology. The Maya discovered that the periodic alignment of the Sun with the center of the Milky Way galaxy is the formative influence on human evolution. These alignments also define a series of World Ages. The fourth age ends on December 21, 2012, when an epoch chapter in human history will come to an end. Maya Cosmogenesis 2012 reveals the Maya's insight into the cyclic nature of time, and prepares us for our own cosmogenesis--the birth of a new world."
"9780689860072 Menolly flees her home, because she is not permitted to make music there, and is taken by the Masterharper himself to Harpershall, where she learns that only her own self-doubt stands in her way."
"9780806524276 A tribute to the undisputed master of terror and suspense and the visionary who revolutionised the art of filmmaking, this book covers everything from his 1922 silent film The Pleasure Garden to his final 1976 film, Family Plot, including such masterpieces as Vertigo, Psycho, Rear Window and The Birds, and the years of his popular television show, Alfred Hitchcock Presents. Complete with 450 b/w stills from his many films and a text that examines the background of each production, this is the ultimate portrait of the movie genius in all his cinematic glory."
"9780814326114 Exhibiting the same clarity as Latin via Ovid, this student workbook parallels the text's forty lessons and is the ideal supplement to classroom recitation and exercises. Drills in grammar and vocabulary, combined with innovative directions for practice, facilitate the student's acquisition of Latin. Teachers: When ordering Latin via Ovid and the audio material, be sure to order the free Teacher's Manual (not sent to students) that contains all of the translations of the Latin stories, plus each chapter's Exercise V, which requires the translation from English into Latin. Games and songs are included. Please request this guide by calling us at 313-577-6126. The VCR video of the puppet show ""Ulysses"" for Chapter XXXV can be ordered directly from Norma W. Goldman at College of Lifelong Learning; 5700 Cass Avenue, Wayne State University Detroit, MI 48202 phone number: 313-577-6582 fax number: 313-577-8585 Price: $25.00 (includes shipping & handling)."
"9780060734015 Jess Aarons' greatest ambition is to be the fastest runner in his grade. He's been practicing all summer and can't wait to see his classmates' faces when he beats them all. But on the first day of school, a new girl boldly crosses over to the boys' side and outruns everyone. That's not a very promising beginning for a friendship, but Jess and Leslie Burke become inseparable. Together they create Terabithia, a magical kingdom in the woods where the two of them reign as king and queen, and their imaginations set the only limits. Then one morning a terrible tragedy occurs. Only when Jess is able to come to grips with this tragedy does he finally understand the strength and courage Leslie has given him."
"9781892395566 The 2003 International Building Code addresses the design and installation of building systems through requirements that emphasize performance, providing minimum regulations for building systems using prescriptive- and performance-related provisions, including structural as well as fire- and life-safety provisions covering seismic, wind, accessibility, egress, occupancy, roofs, and more."
"9780451221254 A hilarious new memoir by the best-selling author of Bitter Is the New Black chronicles the not-so-wonderful moments of her life in the big city, from reporting rude neighbors to Homeland Security or harboring a crush on her grocery store clerk, to fighting and losing the Battle of the Stairmaster. Original."
"9781594865671 The former vice-president details the factors contributing to the growing climate crisis, describes changes to the environment caused by global warming, and discusses the shift in environmental policy that is needed to avert disaster."
"9781595690364 This homoerotic novel unmasked the cynical double moral standards of the Victorian era: The love of Camille and Teleny is shattered by social reprisals. It was originally published in 1893 by Leonard Smithers who praised it as being ""the most powerful and cleverly written erotic romance which has appeared in the English language."" (Adult Fiction)"
"9781577310761 One Palm Sunday, Echo Bodine prayed to be granted a better understanding of worlds beyond this one, and three days later she found herself on an amazing voyage. Leaving her body behind, she traveled through life, death, and then beyond in a breath-taking vision of what awaits us all after this life. Echoes of the Soul is heartwarming and enlightening. In simple prose, Echo Bodine gently leads readers through realms of existence we all have yet to experience. Her inspiring images leave us with a hopeful vision of life after death — or, as Echo calls it, graduation, when we go to our real home. This inspiring and positive vision of the afterlife leaves the reader filled with hope, and even awe. Endorsements ""Echo is the clearest psychic I've ever read. Her vision of our souls and the journey they take is awesome and wonderful — and fills all who read it with an understanding that brings a deep sense of peace, a serenity at the core of our being. Echo's vision puts our lives into a vast perspective — the soul's perspective — infinitely broader than our usual perspective."" — Marc Allen, author of A Visionary Life"
"9780553588118 Percy is incredibly accident-prone, and holds the dubious record of the most accidents. Percy has had a small rivalary with Harold, however, they are always willing to help each other when in trouble."
"9780099285564 In 1831 Nat Turner awaits death in a Virginia jail cell. He is a slave, a preacher, and the leader of the only effective slave revolt in the history of 'that peculiar institution'. William Styron's ambitious and stunningly accomplished novel is Turner's confession, made to his jailers under the duress of his God. Encompasses the betrayals, cruelties and humiliations that made up slavery - and that still sear the collective psyches of both races."
"9780345468390 The official novel of the Universal Studios film PITCH BLACK 2:THE CHRONICLES OF RIDDICK, as the interplanetary mercenary Riddick discovers a threat that could destroy him, kill his friends and allies, and consume the entire galaxy-a threat only he can stop. The movie features hot new star Vin Diesel - an Arnold Schwarzenegger for a new generation."
"9780375714634 Offers reproductions of more than five hundred comic strips, pieces from sketchbooks, early prototype drawings for ""Peanuts,"" and selections from Schulz's first cartoon feature, accompanied by commentary on the cartoonist's life and art."
"9780434009053 Red Dragon, The Silence of the Lambs and Hannibal - the three international bestsellers that provided literature with one of its most memorable characters - now available in one volume."
"9781593072599 Chronicles the exploits of the secret Hellsing Organization, formed by the Hellsing family to protect England and the Protestant church from vampires and other monsters, and its top operative, the vampire Alucard."
"9781932420340 Romantic Hedonism: What happens when a woman meets the man of her dreams in London? She prays her husband doesn't find out. My Dirty Thirties is a series of erotic novels about women in their thirties who can't say no to their desires. Call it ""The Thing"" or call it sexual peak, but once it happens, there's no turning back. It takes female empowerment to new levels. Romantic Hedonism is the second book in the series."
"9780345438713 In pursuit of fairness at any cost, we have created a society paralyzed by legal fear: Doctors are paranoid and principals powerless. Little league coaches, scared of liability, stop volunteering. Schools and hospitals start to crumble. The common good fades, replaced by a cacophony of people claiming their “individual rights.” By turns funny and infuriating, this startling book dissects the dogmas of fairness that allow self-interested individuals to bully the rest of society. Philip K. Howard explains how, trying to honor individual rights, we removed the authority needed to maintain a free society. Teachers don’t even have authority to maintain order in the classroom. With no one in charge, the safe course is to avoid any possible risk. Seesaws and diving boards are removed. Ridiculous warning labels litter the American landscape: “Caution: Contents Are Hot.” Striving to protect “individual rights,” we ended up losing much of our freedom. When almost any decision that someone disagrees with is a possible lawsuit, no one knows where he stands. A huge monument to the unknown plaintiff looms high above America, casting a dark shadow across our daily choices. Today, in the land of free speech, you’d have to be a fool to say what you really think. This provocative book not only attacks the sacred cows of political correctness, but takes a breathtakingly bold stand on how to reinvigorate our common good. Only by restoring personal authority can schools begin to work again. Only by judges and legislatures taking back the authority to decide who can sue for what can doctors feel comfortable using their best judgment and American be liberated to say and do what they know is right. Lucid, honest, and hard hitting, The Collapse of the Common Good shows how Americans can bring back freedom and common sense to a society disabled by lawyers and legal fear."
"9780465014903 There has never been another era in modern history, even during wartime or the Great Depression, when so many people have feared so much. Three out of four Americans say they feel more fearful today then they did twenty years ago. The Culture of Fear describes the high costs of living in a fear-ridden environment where realism has become rarer than doors without deadbolts.Why do we have so many fears these days? Are we living in exceptionally dangerous times? To watch the news, you'd certainly think so, but Glassner demonstrates that it is our perception of danger that has increased, not the actual level of risk. The Culture of Fear is an expose of the people and organizations that manipulate our perceptions and profit from our fears: politicians who win elections by heightening concerns about crime and drug use even as rates for both are declining; advocacy groups that raise money by exaggerating the prevalence of particular diseases; TV newsmagazines that monger a new scare every week to garner ratings.Glassner spells out the prices we pay for social panics: the huge sums of money that go to waste on unnecessary programs and products as well as time and energy spent worrying about our fears."
"9780140621624 When their father is sent away to prison, three London children move to the country where they keep busy preventing accidents on the nearby railway, making many new friends, and generally learning a good deal about themselves."
"9780520243262 ""Pathologies of Power"" uses harrowing stories of life and death to argue thatthe promotion of social and economic rights of the poor is the most importanthuman rights struggle of our times."
"9780316955126 It's every parrothead's dream: to leave behind the rat race of the workaday world and start life all over again amidst the cool breezes, sun-drenched colors, and rum-laced drinks of a tropical paradise. It's the story of Norman Paperman, a New York City press agent who, facing the onset of middle age, runs away to a Caribbean island to reinvent himself as a hotel keeper. (Hilarity and disaster -- of a sort peculiar to the tropics -- ensue.) It's the novel in which the Pulitzer Prize-winning author of such acclaimed and bestselling novels as The Caine Mutiny and War and Remembrance draws on his own experience (Wouk and his family lived for seven years on an island in the sun) to tell a story at once brilliantly comic and deeply moving."
"9781840224535 Tolstoy wrote many masterly short stories, and this volume contains four of the longest and best in distinguished translations that have stood the test of time."
"9780439872461 When strange things start happening and eight-year-old Mabel, who is very sensible, cannot figure them out, she discovers a family secret that affects her younger sister Violet."
"9780441248834 A collection of funny and strange fantasy tales features George Alec Effinger's ""The Wicked Old Witch,"" Mike Resnick's ""Final Solution,"" and Ron Goulart's ""New Hope for Denture Wearers,"" plus thirteen more"
"9780553275780 Jessica Wakefield will go to any length to be chosen as queen of the fall dance at Sweet Valley High, even if it involves breaking somebody's trust."
"9780140187076 At the center of this hugely comic tale of ""free enterprise"" America stands JR--an eleven-year-old capitalist, eagerly following the example of the grasping world around him. Operating through pay phones and post-office money orders, JR inadvertently parlays a shipment of Navy surplus picnic forks, a defaulted bond issue, and a single share of common stock into a vast paper empire embracing timber, mineral and natural gas rights, publishing, and a brewery. At once a novel of epic comedy and a biting satire of the American dream, JR displays the style and extraordinary inventiveness that has made Gaddis one of the most acclaimed writers of our time."
"9780060782139 Butterflies There are 20,000 different kinds of butterflies in the world. Many have brightly colored wings. But butterflies don't start life as beauties. Every butterfly begins as a tiny egg that hatches into a caterpillar. Then an amazing change takes place. The caterpillar turns into a fluttering butterfly!"
"9780099283225 Ali Khan and Nino Kipiani live in the cosmopolitan, oil-rich capital of Azerbaijan which, at the beginning of the twentieth century, is a melting-pot of different cultures. Ali is a Muslim, with his ancestors' passion for the desert, and Nino is a Christian Georgian girl with sophisticated European ways. Despite their differences, the two have loved each other since childhood and Ali is determined that he will marry Nino as soon as she leaves school. But there is not only the obstacle of their different religions and parental consent to overcome. The First World War breaks out. As the Russians withdraw, the Turks advance, and Ali and Nino find themselves swept up in Azerbaijan's fight for independence."
"9781557283306 Keeping Faith is Jimmy Carter's account of the satisfaction, frustration, and solitude that attend the man in the Oval Office. Mr. Carter writes candidly about the crises that confronted him during his tenure as President of the United States and Leader of the free world, from 1977 to 1981. ""The President who cared"" details his anguish over the hostage crisis in Iran, his triumph against all odds at Camp David, his secret communications with China's Deng Xiaoping, and his dramatic and revealing encounters with Soviet President Leonid Brezhnev, West German Chancellor Helmut Schmidt, and other world leaders. Mr. Carter also shares glimpses of his private world - his feelings of being an outsider in Washington, his relationship with Rosalynn, his pain about the attacks on his friends and his brother Billy. Captivatingly written, this rich historical document delineates a morally responsible president who has continued to earn respect and admiration as a world statesman and advocate for the poor and repressed of all nations."
"9780747566755 A boy's village childhood with all the traditional attributes - father, mother, brother, sister, a house on a lake, tree-climbing, going to the races, music lessons, a bicycle, a crush on a girl in the class - is bedevilled by the mystifying appearances of the eccentric Mr. Sommer. Moving through the landscape in silent haste, like a man possessed, with his empty rucksack and his long, odd-looking walking stick, Mr Sommer runs like a black thread through the boys days."
"9780380016365 centerCourage, Adventure, Steadfast Love From a little house set deep in the Big Woods of Wisconsin, across Indian territory and into the Dakotas, Laura's family moved westward right along the frontier. Their true-life saga, beloved by countless millions of TV viewers and readers of the bestselling Little House books, is one of spirit and devotion in the face of bitter-cold winters, wilderness trails, and heartbreaking personal tragedy. Here, for the first time, and drawing on her own unpublished memoirs is the endlessly fascinating full account of Laura's life -- from her earliest years through her enduring marriage to Almanzo Wilder, the ""farmer boy"" of her stories."
"9780575066892 Other children got given xylophones. Susan just had to ask her grandfather to take his vest off. Yes. There¿s a Death in the family. It¿s hard to grow up normally when Grandfather rides a white horse and wields a scythe ¿ especially when you have to take over the family business and everyone mistakes you for the Tooth Fairy. And especially when you have to face the new and addictive music that has entered the Discworld. It¿s lawless. It changes people. It¿s called Music with Rocks In. It¿s got a beat and you can dance to it, but¿ It¿s alive. And it won¿t fade away."
"9780316000611 When Warrie Ransom, the Big Boss of the Exmas Express Company, decides to buy Christmas and rename it Exmas, Santa Claus, Momma Claus, and their daugher Chrissie can't believe their eyes. Everything at the North Pole seems to change overnight--the elves stop making kids' favorite toys, the Christmas doves won't fly or sing, and no one seems to laugh anymore. It looks like Christmas is going to be ruined. But then Chrissie remembers something she had learned from her dad: you must believe in something bigger than yourself. With a little help from her dad's helpers, Chrissie--as santaKid--delivers presents to children on Christmas eve, sending Warrie Ransom back to where he came from! After all, when you believe in something, magic can happen."
"9780439651417 When Aiden and Meg Falconer discover that Hairless Joe, a killer and madman, holds the key to freeing their parents from prison, they decide to try and trap him, despite the dangers."
"9780345476982 FBI agent Gabriel Dean rushes into action to protect his pregnant wife, homicide detective Jane Rizzoli, when she is taken hostage along with others at the hospital by Nicholas Tennant, a black-ops agent in possession of high-level government secrets, after he is sent to the hospital when Boston M.E. Maura Isles discovers that Tennant is still alive as she prepares for his autopsy. Reprint."
"9780060837167 You've met the Italian mob in The Godfather, now welcome to the real-life world of Irish America's own murderous clan of organized crime The man who has remained silent for more than a decade finally speaks, revealing the gritty true story of his life inside the infamous South Boston Irish mob led by the elusive, Machiavellian kingpin Whitey Bulger, who to this day remains on the lam as one of the world's Ten Most Wanted criminals, second only to Osama bin Laden. John ""Red"" Shea was a top lieutenant in the South Boston Irish mob, rising to this position at the age of twenty-one. Thus began his tutelage under the notorious Irish godfather James ""Whitey"" Bulger. An ice-cold enforcer with a legendary red-hot temper, Shea was a legend among his Southie peers in the 1980s. From the first delivery truck he robbed at thirteen to the start of his twelve-year federal sentence for drug trafficking at twenty-seven, Shea was a portrait in American crime -- a terror, brutal and ruthlessly ambitious. Drug dealer, loan shark, money launderer, and multimillion-dollar narcotics kingpin, Shea was at the pinnacle of power -- until the feds came knocking and eventually obliterated the legendary mob in a well-orchestrated sweep of arrests, fueled by insider tips to the FBI and DEA. While Bulger's other top men turned informant to save their own hides, Shea alone kept his code of honor and his mouth shut -- loyalty that earned him a dozen years of hard time even as the man he was protecting turned out to be, himself, a rat. For in the end, in a remarkable show of betrayal, Bulger turned out to be the FBI's ""main man"" and top informant -- tipping off the feds for decades while still managing to operate one of the most murderous and profitable organized crime outfits of all time. In Rat Bastards, Shea brings that mysterious world and gritty urban Irish American street culture into sharp focus by telling his own story -- of his fatherless upbringing, his apprenticeship on the tough streets of Southie, and his love affair with trouble, boxing, and then the gangster life. In prose that is refreshingly honest, personal, and surprisingly tender, Shea tells his harrowing, unflinching, and unapologetic story. A man who did the crime, did the time, and held fast to the Irish code of silence, which he was raised to follow at any cost, Shea remains a man of honor and in doing so has become a living legend. One of the last of a dying breed, a true stand-up guy. Shea expects no forgiveness and makes no excuses for the life he chose. His story is intense, compelling, and in your face."
"9781569715147 In order to complete his first assignment given to him by the Jedi council to find Jedi Sharad Hett and bring him home, Ki must first face the evil krayt dragon and the bounty hunter Aurra Sing. Original."
"9780099766810 Cry the Beloved Country is the deeply moving story of the Zulu pastor Stephen Kumalo and his son Absalom, set against the background of a land and a people riven by racial injustice. Remarkable for its contemporaneity, unforgettable for character and incident, Cry the Beloved Country is a classic work of love and hope, courage and endurance, born of the dignity of man."
"9780380793471 The Dry Creek Middle School drinking fountain has sprung a leak, so principal Walter Russ dashes off a request to Flowing Waters Fountains, Etc. ...We need a new drinking fountain. Please send a catalog. Designer Flo Waters responds: ""I'd be delighted...but please understand that all of my fountains are custom-made."" Soon the fountain project takes on a life of its own, one chronicled in letters, postcards, memos, transcripts, and official documents. The school board president is up in arms. So is Dee Eel, of the water-supply company. A scandal is brewing, and Mr. Sam N.'s fifth grade class is turning up a host of hilarious secrets buried deep beneath the fountain."
"9780425214435 A weary Lieutenant Lucas Davenport, still recovering from two previous brutal cases, is drawn into the search for a serial killer, an evil man of remarkable intelligence and savagery with a penchant for mutilating the eyes of his victims. Reissue."
"9780684825106 In this stunning and fully independent conclusion to A Great Circle, Reynolds Price tells the complex, moving story of a man's return home to die of AIDS and of the unexpected effect that his arrival -- and his death -- has on his family. Wade Mayfield's parents are separated, but for the remaining months of his life they and their friends come together to care for Wade with the love they can muster. They are unprepared, however, for the astonishing mystery Wade has prepared to reveal once he is gone -- a mystery that initiates the possible reunion of his parents and promises to continue the proud traditions of a complex, multiracial family."
"9783110172799 Noam Chomsky's first book on syntactic structures is one of the first serious attempts on the part of a linguist to construct within the tradition of scientific theory-construction a comprehensive theory of language which may be understood in the same sense that a chemical, biological theory is understood by experts in those fields. It is not a mere reorganization of the data into a new kind of library catalogue, nor another specualtive philosophy about the nature of man and language, but rather a rigorus explication of our intuitions about our language in terms of an overt axiom system, the theorems derivable from it, explicit results which may be compared with new data and other intuitions, all based plainly on an overt theory of the internal structure of languages; and it may well provide an opportunity for the application of explicity measures of simplicity to decide preference of one form over another form of grammar."
"9780385339650 Washed-up public defender Clay Carter's latest case, a routine street killing, takes an unexpected turn when he discovers evidence of a conspiracy involving a large drug company and a lawsuit with a huge potential settlement. Reprint. 35,000 first printing."
"9780811205467 These Pulitzer Prize-winning poems and essays by the author of No Nature range from the lucid, lyrical, and mystical to the political. All, however, share a common vision: a rediscovery of North America and the ways by which we might become true natives of the land for the first time."
"9780385603102 Johnny Truant wild and troubled sometime employee in a LA tattoo parlour, finds a notebook kept by Zampano, a reclusive old man found dead in a cluttered apartment. Herein is the heavily annotated story of the Navidson Report. Will Navidson, a photojournalist, and his family move into a new house. What happens next is recorded on videotapes and in interviews. Now the Navidsons are household names. Zampano, writing on loose sheets, stained napkins, crammed notebooks, has compiled what must be the definitive work on the events on Ash Tree Lane. But Johnny Truant has never heard of the Navidson Record. Nor has anyone else he knows. And the more he reads about Will Navidson's house, the more frightened he becomes. Paranoia besets him. The worst part is that he can't just dismiss the notebook as the ramblings of a crazy old man. He's starting to notice things changing around him . . . Immensely imaginative. Impossible to put down. Impossible to forget. House of Leavesis thrilling, terrifying and unlike anything you have ever read before."
"9780375727276 Becoming a best-selling novelist and wealthy celebrity while still in college, only to have his fame disintegrate in a sea of booze and drugs, the narrator gets a new chance at life, but that life unravels after a series of grotesque murders."
"9781400096084 From the surreal to the mundane, an anthology of short fiction captures a full range of human experience, emotion, and relationship in works that chronicle a chance reunion in Italy, a holiday in Hawaii, and a romantic exile in Greece."
"9781590171943 Dirty, drunk, unloved, and unloving, Hector Loursat has lived as a near recluse since his wife abandoned him and their infant daughter eighteen years before. Though a member of a prominent local family and at one time a successful lawyer, Loursat now shuns and is shunned by polite society–which suits him fine. He prefers to spend his evenings leafing through the books in his library and drinking Bordeaux. Loursat does his best to ignore the presence of his teenage daughter, paying little attention to the questionable activities that seem to be going on in his vast, old, ever-more dilapidated house. But then, one night, the sound of a gunshot penetrates the padded walls of Loursat’s study. He leaves the security of his wing of the house to investigate. What he stumbles on is a case of murder. Loursat begins to discover something of the secret life of his daughter and her circle of friends, young people from all levels of local society. He finds himself strangely drawn to this group, and when one of them is accused of the murder, he astonishes all by taking up the young man’s defense. Reluctantly Loursat finds himself drawn back into the thick of life. InThe Strangers in the House, Georges Simenon, master chronicler of the dark side of the human heart, gives us a detective story that is also a tale of an improbable redemption."
"9780312295431 When Gertrude Williams retired in 1998, after forty-nine years in the Baltimore public schools, The Baltimore Sun called her ""the most powerful of principals"" who ""tangled with two superintendents and beat them both."" In this oral memoir, Williams identifies the essential elements of sound education and describes the battles she waged to secure those elements, first as teacher, then a counselor, and, for twenty-five years, as principal. She also described her own education - growing up black in largely white Germantown, Pennsylvania; studying black history and culture for the first time at Cheyney State Teachers College; and meeting the rigorous demands of the program which she graduated from in 1949. In retracing her career, Williams examines the highs and lows of urban public education since World War II. She is at once an outspoken critic and spirited advocate of the system to which she devoted her life."
"9780439176835 Bestselling author Garth Nix's amazing Seventh Tower series is back - now with a great new look! The Dark World is a place of ice, wind, and fury. A veil of black covers the sky. In all the world, only the Castle shines with light. Tal and Milla are struggling to make it to the Castle, each on a dangerous mission. For Tal, a Chosen, the Castle is home - even though he is not welcome anymore. For Milla, an Icecarl warrior, the Castle is a strange and mysterious place. Her presence is a threat that the Castle dwellers want to stop . . . at any cost. Sinister forces are conspiring against them. It will take all their strength to survive."
9780441009657 Merlin must find his stolen sword in order to repel an encroaching evil intent on destroying the magic isle of Fincayra. But first he must confront a magical mirror that alters one's destiny.
"9780441012596 In the sequel to Dragon's Winter, Kardur Atani, the Dragon of Chingura, has overcome his father's madness and his brother's treachery to take the throne and struggles to rule with justice while dealing with the ferocity that results from his dragon blood. Reprint."
"9781895176407 This book details the natural history of the plants and animals found in the Galapagos Islands. A list of the dominant plants according to vegetation zone is included. Of particular note is the discussion of the problems of colonisation by founding populations, biological evolution, and ecology, and of the evolutionary processes bringing about species diversity."
"9780370307121 Pressured by his father to leave school for a career he doesn't want, a nineteenth-century Manchester boy runs away and gains a new perspective on his future."
"9780674023857 In the aftermath of World War II, Prussia--a centuries-old state pivotal to Europe's development--ceased to exist. In their eagerness to erase all traces of the Third Reich from the earth, the Allies believed that Prussia, the very embodiment of German militarism, had to be abolished. But as Christopher Clark reveals in this pioneering history, Prussia's legacy is far more complex. Though now a fading memory in Europe's heartland, the true story of Prussia offers a remarkable glimpse into the dynamic rise of modern Europe. What we find is a kingdom that existed nearly half a millennium ago as a patchwork of territorial fragments, with neither significant resources nor a coherent culture. With its capital in Berlin, Prussia grew from being a small, poor, disregarded medieval state into one of the most vigorous and powerful nations in Europe. Iron Kingdom traces Prussia's involvement in the continent's foundational religious and political conflagrations: from the devastations of the Thirty Years War through centuries of political machinations to the dissolution of the Holy Roman Empire, from the enlightenment of Frederick the Great to the destructive conquests of Napoleon, and from the ""iron and blood"" policies of Bismarck to the creation of the German Empire in 1871, and all that implied for the tumultuous twentieth century. By 1947, Prussia was deemed an intolerable threat to the safety of Europe; what is often forgotten, Clark argues, is that it had also been an exemplar of the European humanistic tradition, boasting a formidable government administration, an incorruptible civil service, and religious tolerance. Clark demonstrates how a state deemed the bane of twentieth-century Europe has played an incalculable role in Western civilization's fortunes. Iron Kingdom is a definitive, gripping account of Prussia's fascinating, influential, and critical role in modern times."
"9780618257768 From one of America's foremost historians, Inventing America compares Thomas Jefferson's original draft of the Declaration of Independence with the final, accepted version, thereby challenging many long-cherished assumptions about both the man and the document. Although Jefferson has long been idealized as a champion of individual rights, Wills argues that in fact his vision was one in which interdependence, not self-interest, lay at the foundation of society. ""No one has offered so drastic a revision or so close or convincing an analysis as Wills has . . . The results are little short of astonishing"" (Edmund S. Morgan New York Review of Books )."
"9780226020457 The Bridge on the Drina is a vivid depiction of the suffering history has imposed upon the people of Bosnia from the late 16th century to the beginning of World War I. As we seek to make sense of the current nightmare in this region, this remarkable, timely book serves as a reliable guide to its people and history. ""No better introduction to the study of Balkan and Ottoman history exists, nor do I know of any work of fiction that more persuasively introduces the reader to a civilization other than our own. It is an intellectual and emotional adventure to encounter the Ottoman world through Andric's pages in its grandiose beginning and at its tottering finale. It is, in short, a marvelous work, a masterpiece, and very much sui generis. . . . Andric's sensitive portrait of social change in distant Bosnia has revelatory force.""—William H. McNeill, from the introduction ""The dreadful events occurring in Sarajevo over the past several months turn my mind to a remarkable historical novel from the land we used to call Yugoslavia, Ivo Andric's The Bridge on the Drina.""—John M. Mohan, Des Moines Sunday Register Born in Bosnia, Ivo Andric (1892-1975) was a distinguished diplomat and novelist. He was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1961. His books include The Damned Yard: And Other Stories, and The Days of the Consuls."
9780060004507 An adaptation of the original story follows the activities of seven children in nineteenth-century New England as they prepare for the Thanksgiving holiday while Mother is away caring for Grandmother.
"9780553572988 As a final genocidal Crusade threatens to enslave humanity forever, Aenea, a new messiah, comes of age and must deliver her startling message to her growing army of disciples, but not before embarking on a mission to discover the very meaning of the universe. Reprint. NYT."
"9780140436587 Scott's classic historical romance, set in the twelfth-century England of Richard I, depicts the adventures of the heroic Wilfred of Ivanhoe in winning the hand of beautiful Lady Rowena."
"9780806133638 First published in 1903, Selections from Homer's Iliad has become a classic Greek textbook. Allen Rogers Benner presents selections from twelve books of the Iliad in both Greek and English and short summaries that help students understand the Iliad as a work of literature and art."
"9780099448921 The Rings of Saturn begins as the record of a journey on foot through coastal East Anglia. From Lowestoft to Bungay, Sebald's own story becomes the conductor of evocations of people and cultures past and present: of Chateaubriand, Thomas Browne, Swinburne and Conrad, of fishing fleets, skulls and silkworms. The result is a rich meditation on the past via a melancholy trip along the Suffolk coast, and an intricately patterned and haunting book on the transience of all things human. 'Sebald is the Joyce of the 21st Century' The Times"
"9780470045299 Thinking about buying or selling items on eBay? Whether you want to use eBay to make smart bids and win auctions or turn household clutter into cash, eBay for Dummies, Fifth Edition is your passport to the most successful trading community on the planet. Beginning with an overview of what eBay is and how to become a registered user, eBay for Dummies helps you discover how you can: Search for items to buy and list items to sell on eBay Place a bid—and determine how much you should spend Use pictures and basic HTML to make your eBay listings more appealing Communicate well and close deals without a problem Identify auction terms (reserve price, starting bid, Buy It Now, etc.) Organize your transactions and interactions using the My eBay page Resolve buying and selling issues with eBay’s Trust & Safety program And much more! Registering at eBay makes you part of a really unique community of people who like to collect, buy, and sell items of just about every kind! So if you’re ready to join the millions of people who use their home computers to make great deals, buy cool stuff, and turn a profit, eBay for Dummies does all the legwork so you can sit back and let the bidding begin!"
"9781573442213 Many women are intrigued by the idea of exploring anal eroticism, but may be uncertain how to proceed. This user-friendly, sexy, honest, and fun guide offers comprehensive information on all aspects of anal eroticism for all women--heterosexual, bisexual, or lesbian. Illustrations."
"9780753813959 'A mix of urbane wit and surreal extrapolations - Douglas Adams meets Flann O'Brien' Independent Who else but Steve Martin could combine irrefutable evidence that Mars is populated by kittens with a treatise on sledgehammers? In this brilliantly witty collection of pieces Steve Martin takes a subversive glimpse at the world and a sideways swipe at the conventional. From memory tips for the over-fifties to his insightful exposition of 'Wittgenstein's Banana', never has 'pure drivel' been so entertaining."
"9780340692912 As well as being a gripping thriller, Crucifix Lane explores topical issues such as genetic engineering, and weaves in Celtic mythology in an original and inventive way."
"9780747267454 Love is always just around the corner in a Jill Mansell novel - with a few surprises and a lot of humour on the way to happiness When Tessa Duvall, a struggling artist, reluctantly agreed to accompany her best friend Holly to a party at the elegant Charrington Grange Hotel, she had every intention of sneaking off early. For parties full of strangers bored the knickers off Tessa and this one proved to be no exception - until she encountered Ross Monahan, whose wicked reputation was as high profile as the hotel he owned and ran with such panache. But whilst Holly set about ensnaring his reluctant brother Max, Tessa simply accepted Ross for what he was, a sensational one-night stand...until she realised, weeks later, that one-night stands can have far-reaching consequences..."
"9781573225786 An African American man describes life as the son of a white mother and Black father, reflecting on his mother's contributions to his life and his confusion over his own identity"
"9780060548285 Born of an incestuous relationship between King Arthur and his half sister, the evil sorceress Morgause, the bastard Mordred is reared in secrecy. Called to Camelot by events he cannot deny, Mordred becomes Arthur’s most trusted counselor -- a fateful act that leads to the ""wicked day of destiny"" when father and son must face each other in battle."
"9780553157277 Jessica feels like a latter-day Victor Frankenstein when she suggests a makeover for her friend Sandra Ferris, whose newfound popularity then threatens Jessica's own social standing."
"9780060936662 Larry J. Koenig, Ph.D., creator of the hugely popular Smart Discipline® seminars, explains his simple, dramatically effective system to help children follow the rules at home and at school. It is easily tailoredto differences in age, temperament, and the needs of children with ADD/ADHD. Positive results usually are seen within a few days. Best of all: instead of nagging, parents can use Dr. Koenig's powerful esteem-building strategies to affirm their children's strengths. The Smart Discipline system: Gets kids to do what you ask, the first time you ask Stops fighting, bickering, and disrespectful language Ends hassles over homework, chores, messy rooms, and bedtime Instills positive self-image and builds confidence. . . and much more!"
"9781932416640 A biographical novel traces the story of Valentino Achak Deng, who as a boy of seven was separated from his family when his village in southern Sudan was attacked by government helicopters and became one of the estimated 17,000 ""lost boys of Sudan"" before"
"9780132370455 Using the latest features of Java 5, this unique object-oriented presentation introduces readers to data structures via thirty, manageable chapters. KEY FeaturesTOPICS: Introduces each ADT in its own chapter, including examples or applications. Provides aA variety of exercises and projects, plus additional self-assessment questions throughout. the text Includes generic data types as well as enumerations, for-each loops, the interface Iterable, the class Scanner, assert statements, and autoboxing and unboxing. Identifies important Java code as a Listing. Provides NNotes and Pprogramming Ttips in each chapter. For programmers and software engineers interested in learning more about data structures and abstractions."
"9780618477944 A memoir done in the form of a graphic novel by a cult favorite comic artist offers a darkly funny family portrait that details her relationship with her father--a funeral home director, high school English teacher, and closeted homosexual."
"9780099307914 What If A Look-Alike Stranger Stole Your Name, Usurped Your Biography, And Went About The World Pretending To Be You? In His Extraordinary New Book, His Most Ingenious And Original Work Since The Counterlife, Phillip Roth Confronts His Double, An Imposter Whose Self-Appointed Task Is To Lead The Jews Out Of Israel And Back To Europe, A Moses In Reverse And A Monstrous Nemesis To The 'Real' Philip Roth. Suspensful, Hilarious Hugely Impassioned, Pulsing With Intelligence And Narrative Energy, Operaton Shylock Is At Once A Spy Story, A Political Thriller, A Meditation On Identity, And A Confession."
"9780226675763 When it was first published a quarter of a century ago, Richard Posner's exposition and defense of an economic approach to antitrust law was a jeremiad against the intellectual disarray that then characterized the field. As other perspectives on antitrust law have fallen away, Posner's book has played a major role in transforming the field of antitrust law into a body of economically rational principles largely in accord with the ideas set forth in the first edition. Today's antitrust professionals may disagree on specific practices and rules, but most litigators, prosecutors, judges, and scholars agree that the primary goal of antitrust laws should be to promote economic welfare, and that economic theory should be used to determine how well business practices conform to that goal. In this thoroughly revised edition, Posner explains the economic approach to new generations of lawyers and students. He updates and amplifies his approach as it applies to the developments, both legal and economic, in the antitrust field since 1976. The ""new economy,"" for example, has presented a host of difficult antitrust questions, and in an entirely new chapter, Posner explains how the economic approach can be applied to new industries such as software manufacturers, Internet service providers, and those that provide communications equipment and services. ""The antitrust laws are here to stay,"" Posner writes, ""and the practical question is how to administer them better-more rationally, more accurately, more expeditiously, more efficiently."" This fully revised classic will continue to be the standard work in the field."
"9780385339674 In a maximum security federal prison, three former judges who call themselves ""the brethren"" meet daily in the law library to run a rougher form of justice inside their new community, and make a little money, but when one of their scams derails, they are forced to confront the world of their own creation. Reprint. 35,000 first printing."
"9780446691864 For everyone who was too cheap to buy the hardcover, the blockbuster, award-winning #1 New York Times bestseller is now in trade paperback-with a new introduction, fully updated, and with equally unsettling nude photos of the newest Supreme Court justices, and a text corrected by the most reputable college professor we could find/afford.Including:Historical inaccuracies, gross distortions, complete fabrications-corrected by real-life bearded college professor."
"9780140449778 The Baron des Canolles is a man torn apart by the civil war that dominates mid-seventeenth century France. For while the na�ve Gascon soldier cares little for the politics behind the battles, he is torn apart by a deep passion for two powerful women on opposing sides of the war: Nanon de Lartigues, a keen supporter of the Queen Regent Anne of Austria, and the Victomtesse de Cambes, who supports the rebellious forces of the Princess de Cond�. Set around Bordeaux during the first turbulent years of the reign of Louis XIV, The Women�s War sees two women taking central stage in a battle for all France. Humorous, dramatic and romantic, it offers a compelling exploration of political intrigue, the power of redemption, the force of love and the futility of war."
"9780375813757 Still moping months after being dumped by her Arizona boyfriend Leo, fifteen-year-old Stargirl, a home-schooled free spirit, writes ""the world's longest letter"" to Leo, describing her new life in Pennsylvania."
"9780441012039 Case, a burned-out computer whiz, is asked to steal a security code that is locked in the most heavily guarded databank in the solar system, in a special twentieth anniversary edition of the influential Hugo, Nebula, and Philip K. Dick Award-winning novel."
"9780345487421 A psychotherapist shows how to identify the fears that are inhibiting one's life, ranging from public speaking and intimacy to aging and rejection, and how to transform frustration and helplessness into power to create success in every aspect of life, in a twentieth anniversary edition of the best-selling guide. Reissue. 50,000 first printing."
"9781568821481 Ordinary people are confronted by the terrifying beings and forces of the Cthulhu Mythos. Players portray investigators of things unknown and unspeakable. Except for dice, everything needed for play is included in this book. Call of Cthulhu includes extensive background about H. P. Lovecraft, one-stop investigator creation, dozens of skills, three eras of play (1890s, 1920s, and present-day), over 200 Mythos creatures and spells, ready-to-play investigators, expanded weapons data from all three eras, four complete scenarios, and essays on the Necronomicon, Forensic Pathology, and the Dreamlands."
"9780345396556 The discovery of a body pairs the last of the Druids, Walker Bob, with the magical Isle Witch, a beautiful and enigmatic young woman who wields a powerful magic, on an epic voyage aboard the Jerle Shannara to solve a mystery. Reprint."
"9780811828031 Provides step-by-step instructions for creating healthy snacks, main courses, and deserts including Darth double dogs, Bubble City Salad, Boss Nass Broccoli, and Opee's sea crunch."
"9780892818006 After 'Hit Man' The New York Times bestseller Confessions of an Economic Hit Man documents John Perkins’ extraordinary career as a globe-trotting economic hit man. Perkins’ insider’s view leads him to crisis of conscience--to the realization that he must devote himself to work which will foster a world-wide awareness of the sanctity of indigenous peoples, their cultures, and their environments. Perkins’ books demonstrate how the age-old shamanic techniques of some of the world’s most primitive peoples have sparked a revolution in modern concepts about healing, the subconscious, and the powers each of us has to alter individual and communal reality. This groundbreaking book is John Perkins’s firsthand account of his experiences with the shamanic technique of psychonavigation--a method of traveling outside the body by means of visions and dream wanderings--and his encounters with the Shuar of the Amazon, the Quechua of the Andes, and the Bugis of Indonesia. Shuar shamans psychonavigate for the purposes of hunting and healing, while the Bugis, among the most renowned sailors of the world, use these techniques to navigate without the aid of charts and compasses. Perkins explains how these techniques work and how the people of these indigenous cultures psychonavigate to both distant physical destinations and sources of inner wisdom. Throughout history, psychonavigation has been practiced by highly creative minds such as Beethoven, Jung, and Einstein. Perkins’s riveting narrative takes us on a journey of personal discovery as he learns the great value of these techniques and their relevance not only to individual well-being, but to the health of the environment and of the world at large. He reveals how by attuning to the positive forces in nature and communicating with our inner guides we all can become psychonavigators, finding our way to wise decisions and developing innovative approaches to the challenges we face as individuals and a world community."
"9780340829776 There are new evils, new dangers to threaten Roland's little band in the devastated city of Lud and the surrounding wastelands, as well as horrific confrontations with Blaine the Mono, the piratical Gasher, and the frightening Tick-Tock Man."
"9780345436917 In a novel set in London during the Industrial Revolution, a prostitute borrows a blue dress to attract a higher class of client and is shadowed through the streets by an evil old woman hired by the dress' owner to keep an eye on her."
"9780446699556 In this #1 New York Times bestseller, Detective Harry Bosch joins LA's elite Open/Unsolved Unit to help piece together the mysterious death of a teenage girl. He walked away from the job three years ago. But Harry Bosch cannot resist the call to join the elite Open/Unsolved Unit. His mission: solve murders whose investigations were flawed, stalled, or abandoned to L.A.'s tides of crime. With some people openly rooting for his failure, Harry catches the case of a teenager dragged off to her death on Oat Mountain, and traces the DNA on the murder weapon to a small-time criminal. But something bigger and darker beckons, and Harry must battle to fit all the pieces together. Shaking cages and rattling ghosts, he will push the rules to the limit -- and expose the kind of truth that shatters lives, ends careers, and keeps the dead whispering in the night . . ."
"9781401210618 Wes Cutter, a former Confederate soldier, is appointed sheriff of Blackwater, his hometown, by Union soldiers and must find the killer behind a series of brutal murders that may reveal the town's dark past."
"9780385333764 Featuring dramatic never-before-published material from the original manuscript and a new introduction, the timeless classic details the conflict between a powerful black marketeer and his fellow prisoners at a Japanese POW camp that leads to tragedy. Reprint."
"9780141186351 First published in 1957, this book attempts to tackle the conflict between homosexual and heterosexual love. It tells of David, a young man awakening to his true homosexual nature, through a relationship with a barman named Giovanni, as he awaits his fiancee's arrival from Spain."
"9780060099459 It's Christmas Eve, and Amelia Bedelia has to get the Rogers house ready for a visit from Aunt Myra. But with Amelia Bedelia in charge, this Christmas will be one of the funniest ever!"
"9780812976564 An introduction to the religious beliefs of Pastafarianism argues that the Flying Spaghetti Monster (FSM) is the real creator of the universe, in a hilarious compilation of FSM scripture, rits, observances, and answers to the Big Questions of life. Original. 50,000 first printing."
"9780142437889 Twenty fictional pieces survey the depth and range of the distinguished Argentine writer's forty-year career as he journeys inside the minds of an unrepentant Nazi, an imprisoned Maya priest, fanatical Christian theologians, a man awaiting his assassin, and a woman plotting vengeance on her father's ""killer."" Reprint."
"9780446576987 Psychotic killer Diogenes faces down his incarcerated FBI agent brother, while the Museum of Natural History reopens a long-closed tomb exhibit, a decision that coincides with a series of murders and sparks rumors about an ancient curse."
"9780812511185 When the long-lost Mindsword--which gives mindless devotion to the one who wields it--falls into the hands of Prince Murat, Kristen, the beautiful wife of Prince Mark, falls under its spell, and it is up to Mark and his companions to save his wife and his kingdom"
"9780743428675 Still maintaining her guise as her deceased brother Noble, Celeste struggles to raise Baby Celeste, a child she is forced to deny as her own, but when her mother marries a kindly neighbor, vicious enemies threaten to reveal the truth."
"9781590596241 Unrealistic schedules, unstable releases, continual overtime, and skyrocketing stress levels are legendary in the software development industry. Unlike traditional occupations such as accounting or administration, the software business is populated with programmers who are as creative and passionate about their work as musicians and artists. But for most programmers and project managers, it is a complete surprise when they enter the business world and find that internal politics, inept management, and unrealistic marketing drive the process, rather than a structured and orderly approach based on technical issues and quality. This guide, delivered with the wit and aplomb to make a serious topic entertaining and palatable, will help you survive the programming industry. The Career Programmer explains how you can work within the existing system to solve deadline problems and regain control of the development process. Youll master self-defense techniques to shield yourself, your project, and your code from corporate politics, arbitrary management decisions, and marketing-driven deadlines. Author Chris Duncan provides proven, practical, hands-on solutions designed to work even when tested by the political and chaotic realities of the business environment. Issues are addressed from the points of view of both the programmer and project manager, and steps are illustrated from all perspectivesfrom large-scale teams down to projects with a single developer. For you, the end results will mean less overtime and stress, higher-quality software, and a more satisfying career."
"9781400041985 The National Book Award-nominated classic finds hapless Russian migr Timofey Pnin precariously employed on an American college campus in the 1950s, where he falls victim to subtle academic conspiracies and the manipulations of the narrator. 10,000 first printing."
"9780915811236 An old man named Socrates shows Danny that the best way of dealing with a bully is the way of the peaceful warrior, through courage and love."
"9780143036661 In a story inspired by the father character in Little Women and drawn from the journals and letters of Louisa May Alcott's father Bronson, a man leaves behind his family to serve in the Civil War and finds his marriage and beliefs profoundly challenged by his experiences. Reader's Guide included. Reprint."
"9780851708706 In this book, Murray Smith unpicks the processes that led to the enormous success of Trainspotting. He isolates the various factors that make Trainspotting such a vivid document of its time."
"9780805065374 The headlines proclaimed the 1919 fix of the World Series and attempted cover-up as ""the most gigantic sporting swindle in the history of America!"" First published in 1963, Eight Men Out has become a timeless classic. Eliot Asinof has reconstructed the entire scene-by-scene story of the fantastic scandal in which eight Chicago White Sox players arranged with the nation's leading gamblers to throw the Series in Cincinnati. Mr. Asinof vividly describes the tense meetings, the hitches in the conniving, the actual plays in which the Series was thrown, the Grand Jury indictment, and the famous 1921 trial. Moving behind the scenes, he perceptively examines the motives and backgrounds of the players and the conditions that made the improbable fix all too possible. Here, too, is a graphic picture of the American underworld that managed the fix, the deeply shocked newspapermen who uncovered the story, and the war-exhausted nation that turned with relief and pride to the Series, only to be rocked by the scandal. Far more than a superbly told baseball story, this is a compelling slice of American history in the aftermath of World War I and at the cusp of the Roaring Twenties."
"9781560258247 Questions are posed, writes Norman Mailer, ""in the hope they will open into richer insights, which in turn will bring forth sharper questions."" In this series of conversations, John Buffalo Mailer, 27, poses a series of questions to his father, challenging the reflections and insights of the man who has dominated and defined much of American letters for the past sixty years. Their wide-ranging discussions take place over the course of a year, beginning in July 2004. Set against the backdrop of George W. Bush's re-election campaign and the war in Iraq, each considers what it means to live in America today. John asks his father to look back to World War II, and explore the parallels that can—and cannot—be drawn between that time and our current post-9/11 consciousness. As their conversations develop, the topics shift from the political to the personal to the political again, as they duck and weave around one another. They explore their shared admiration of boxing and poker, the nature of marriage and love, television, movies, writing, and what it means to be a part of this extraordinary family."
"9780310330516 Five volumes on sanctification published under one cover, presenting biblical foundations and keys to spiritual growth in Christ. It includes 'Abide Above', 'The Green Letters', 'The Ground of Growth', 'The Principle of Position', and 'The Reckoning That Counts'."
"9780060391539 The outspoken co-host of The Howard Stern Show reveals her disturbing background as a sexually abused child of poverty and describes her ongoing struggle for recovery and her friendship with Stern. 200,000 first printing. $150,000 ad/promo. Tour."
"9781400033416 Sethe, an escaped slave living in post-Civil War Ohio with her daughter and mother-in-law, is haunted persistently by the ghost of the dead baby girl whom she sacrificed, in a new edition of the Nobel Laureate's Pulitzer Prize-winning novel. Reader's Guide available. Reprint. 60,000 first printing."
"9780743428958 Seven seconds. That's all it took for Web London to lose everything: his friends, his team, his reputation. Point man of the FBI's super-elite Hostage Rescue Team, Web roared into a blind alley towards a drug leader's lair, only to meet a high-tech, custom-designed ambush that killed everyone around him. Coping with the blame-filled words of anguished widows and the suspicions of colleagues, Web tries to put his life back together. To do so, he must discover why he was the one man who lived through the ambush - and find the only other person who came out of the alley alive... a ten-year-old boy who has since disappeared. Acting on his instincts, Web believes he knows where the killer will strike next. Only this time, he may not survive the attack. In his extraordinary new work, Baldacci uses his unsurpassed storytelling skills to explore the essence of survival itself, as a conspiracy of violence surrounds an FBI agent whose fate was to be the ... LAST MAN STANDING."
"9780756626365 Three-dimensional cutaway illustrations and floor plans of key landmarks complement these richly illustrated, fully updated travel handbooks that also include enhanced maps, street-by-street guides, background information on a host of popular sights, and an expanded traveler's survival guide providing tips on hotels, restaurants, local customs, transportation, medical services, museums, entertainment, and more."
"9781400076192 A successful, happily married neurosurgeon, Henry Perowne is drawn into a confrontation with Baxter, a small-time thug, following a minor motor vehicle accident on the way to his regular squash game, an encounter that has savage consequences when Baxter, believing that the doctor has humiliated him, visits the Perowne home that evening during a family reunion. Reader's Guide available. Reprint. 300,000 first printing."
"9781551112237 First published in 1865, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland began as a story told to Alice Liddell and her two sisters on a boating trip in July of 1862. The novel follows Alice down a rabbit-hole and into a surreal world of strange and wonderful characters who constantly turn everything upside-down with their mind-boggling logic and word play, and their fantastic parodies. Carroll's fable illustrates his masterful ability to weave logic with nonsense in a tale that continues to delight all ages. While this great classic is widely available, the Broadview edition is unique. Richard Kelly combines Alice's Adventures in Wonderland not with the later (and largely distinct) work Through the Looking Glass but rather with Alice's Adventures Under Ground, Lewis Carroll's first version of the story. Readers are thus able to trace the literary revisions, and to compare Caroll's own illustrations in the original with the famous John Tenniel illustrations for Alice's Adventures in Wonderland. Among the many other materials included in the Broadview Literary Texts edition are a substantial selection of early reviews, selections from Carroll's diaries and correspondence, Carroll's early nonsense poems, and the originals of the poems parodied in his text."
"9780763625894 Edward Tulane, a cold-hearted and proud toy rabbit, loves only himself until he is separated from the little girl who adores him and travels across the country, acquiring new owners and listening to their hopes, dreams, and histories. Jr Lib Guild. Teacher's Guide available. 300,000 first printing."
"9780486270609 Choice collection of short fiction by one of the masters of the genre. In addition to the title story, this volume includes ""The Birthmark,"" ""Rappaccini’s Daughter,"" ""Roger Malvin’s Burial,"" ""The Artist of the Beautiful,"" ""Dr. Heidegger’s Experiment"" and ""My Kinsman, Major Molineux."" Tales deal with scientific experiment, witchcraft, revenge, more."
"9780380813810 The birth of Jesus has been well chronicled, as have his glorious teachings, acts, and divine sacrifice after his thirtieth birthday. But no one knows about the early life of the Son of God, the missing years -- except Biff, the Messiah's best bud, who has been resurrected to tell the story in the divinely hilarious yet heartfelt work ""reminiscent of Vonnegut and Douglas Adams"" (Philadelphia Inquirer). Verily, the story Biff has to tell is a miraculous one, filled with remarkable journeys, magic, healings, kung fu, corpse reanimations, demons, and hot babes. Even the considerable wiles and devotion of the Savior's pal may not be enough to divert Joshua from his tragic destiny. But there's no one who loves Josh more -- except maybe ""Maggie,"" Mary of Magdala -- and Biff isn't about to let his extraordinary pal suffer and ascend without a fight."
"9780670915415 On 11th September 2001, Art Spiegelman raced to the World Trade Center, not knowing if his daughter Nadja was alive or dead. Once she was found safe in her school at the foot of the burning towers he returned home, to meditate on the trauma, and to work on a comic strip. Subversive, iconic, and burningly articulate, In the Shadow of No Towers is New Yorker Art Spiegelman's extraordinary account of 'the hijacking on 9.11 and the subsequent hijacking of those events' by America."
"9780156032391 A collection of essays and addresses includes the author's musings on Ptolemy, his reflections on the experimental writings of Borges and Joyce, and confessions about his own ambitions and anxieties. By the author of The Name of the Rose. Reprint."
"9780946061150 First published in 1974, 'Leaving..' was the first collection of Situationist writing in English. Chris Gray, its editor, was himself a member of the SI. Long out of print, it has gained an enormous reputation. This new, lavish, oversize edition, keeps the original provocative, and free and easy translations, along with the cut and paste graphics, poster-art and cartoons. It stands as a remarkable, and eminently accessible, introduction to a remarkable (and oft-times superficially at least, inaccessible) revolutionary project. Now as we stand at the gates of the 21st century, it is time for a new generation of readers to take up this remarkable book."
"9780374522872 An account of a kayak and canoe journey through the Brooks Range wilderness, impressions of urban life and political activity, and portraits of people in the bush make up a study of contemporary Alaska"
"9780151010264 George Orwell's classic satire on totalitarianism in which farm animals overthrow their human owner and set up their own government is accompanied by ""1984,"" his portrayal of life in a future time when a totalitarian government watches over all citizens a"
"9780061238239 A conclusion to the Earth Chronicles series brings the author's theories about the Anunnaki extraterrestrial beings full circle, addressing key questions pertaining to such topics as the biblical Daniel, Sir Isaac Newton, and the end of the world."
"9780425200452 On a three-day journey through the snowbound Balkan hills, Hercule Poirot must weed through an array of international suspects to find the passenger who murdered a gangster on the Orient Express."
"9780631231271 The Philosophical Investigations of Ludwig Wittgenstein (1889-1951) present his own distillation of two decades of intense work on the philosophies of mind, language and meaning."
"9780674991842 Plato, the great philosopher of Athens, was born in 427 BCE. In early manhood an admirer of Socrates, he later founded the famous school of philosophy in the grove Academus. Much else recorded of his life is uncertain; that he left Athens for a time after Socrates' execution is probable; that later he went to Cyrene, Egypt, and Sicily is possible; that he was wealthy is likely; that he was critical of 'advanced' democracy is obvious. He lived to be 80 years old. Linguistic tests including those of computer science still try to establish the order of his extant philosophical dialogues, written in splendid prose and revealing Socrates' mind fused with Plato's thought. In Laches, Charmides, and Lysis, Socrates and others discuss separate ethical conceptions. Protagoras, Ion, and Meno discuss whether righteousness can be taught. In Gorgias, Socrates is estranged from his city's thought, and his fate is impending. The Apology (not a dialogue), Crito, Euthyphro, and the unforgettable Phaedo relate the trial and death of Socrates and propound the immortality of the soul. In the famous Symposium and Phaedrus, written when Socrates was still alive, we find the origin and meaning of love. Cratylus discusses the nature of language. The great masterpiece in ten books, the Republic, concerns righteousness (and involves education, equality of the sexes, the structure of society, and abolition of slavery). Of the six so-called dialectical dialogues Euthydemus deals with philosophy; metaphysical Parmenides is about general concepts and absolute being; Theaetetus reasons about the theory of knowledge. Of its sequels, Sophist deals with not-being; Politicus with good and bad statesmanship and governments; Philebus with what is good. The Timaeus seeks the origin of the visible universe out of abstract geometrical elements. The unfinished Critias treats of lost Atlantis. Unfinished also is Plato's last work of the twelve books of Laws (Socrates is absent from it), a critical discussion of principles of law which Plato thought the Greeks might accept. The Loeb Classical Library edition of Plato is in twelve volumes."
9780226307800 Table of Contents: Alcestis / translated by Richmond Lattimore -- The Medea / translated by Rex Warner -- The Heracleidae / translated by Ralph Gladstone -- Hippolytus / translated by David Grene.
"9780898868098 Technical yet accessible, The Avalanche Handbook, 3rd Edition, covers the formation, character, effects, and control of avalanches; rescue techniques; and research on understanding and surviving avalanches. Illustrated with nearly 200 updated illustrations, photos and examples, the revised edition offers exhaustive information on contributing weather and climate factors, snowpack analysis, the newest transceiver search techniques, and preventative and protective measures, including avalanche zoning and control. It contains new information on the unique characteristics of alpine snow, snow slab instability, terrain variables, skier triggering of avalanches, and the nature of avalanche motion. Plus brand-new chapters on the elements of backcountry avalanche forecasting and the decision-making process."
"9780312423131 The protagonist, a Humanist-in-Residence at the center for Advanced Scientific Research, gets involved with a project to train a machine to pass a comprehensive exam in English literature--and with the degree candidate against whom the machine is competing. Reprint."
"9780671769918 As Billy Creekmore and Wayne Falconer, two young men with remarkable psychic gifts, learn to use their powers, they and their world are threatened by the machinations of their elusive, nightmarish enemy, the Shape Changer. Reissue."
"9780393307009 A study of the Burgess Shale, a sea bed 530 million years old, and attempts to tackle what the findings are and what it means"
"9780141186078 This light-hearted journal tells of John Steinbeck's fishing trip with Ed Ricketts. Combining science and adventure, Steinbeck voices his deeply-held views of man's place in the natural world."
9781573226882 An autobiographical memoir by a humorous British author and obsessed soccer fan captures the intensity of a sports fan who measures his life in seasons rather than years
"9780349105307 In the hazardous fictional terrain of his historical novels, Gore Vidal is never especially kind to American history in general, or to its icons in particular. Yet in this brilliantly realised study of Abraham Lincoln, he paints a surprising and near-heroic picture of the man who led America through four of the most divisive and dangerous years of the nation's history. Observed alternately by his loved ones, his rivals and his future assassins, Lincoln at first appears as an inept and naïve backwoods lawyer. People in this novel are not averse to turning up, getting drunk, and regaling the reader with details of Lincoln's whoring activities and his seemingly inexhaustible supply of folksy stories. Yet gradually Lincoln the towering leader of deep vision emerges in a Washington engulfed by fear, greed and the horrors of the Civil War. Lincoln's loving but mentally decomposing wife, his view from the White House on slavery and America's bloodiest war, and his own, fierce personal ambition: all are portrayed with a vibrancy and an urgency that almost belies what they have now become ? history itself."
9781594731402 A guide to the rituals and celebrations of the major religions and denominations in the United States and Canada helps the well-meaning guest feel at ease when visiting other people's religious ceremonies. Original.
"9780689802171 Third grader Marâia Isabel, born in Puerto Rico and now living in the United States, wants badly to fit in at school; and the teacher's writing assignment ""My Greatest Wish"" gives her that opportunity."
"9780679867128 Young Mayzie McGrew becomes a worldwide sensation when a daisy grows out of the top of her head, and everyone attempts to get rid of it."
9780060929596 Tells the story of a man whose botched circumcision as a baby and subsequent surgical alteration to a female was mistakenly used as an argument for the success of such procedures.
"9780385497091 A boy wracked with a serious oral fixation tries everything to break the cycle--sex, substance abuse, fly fishing, work, and religion--but nothing seems to work. Original. Tour."
"9780393058475 Describes the origins and early history of the American Navy, discussing the debates by the founding fathers over the need for a permanent military, the decision to construct six heavy frigates, the campaign against Tripoli, and the war of 1812, including the confrontation between the USS Constitution and HMS Guerriere that raised the U.S. to a global power. 70,000 first printing."
"9780099461265 When Samantha Morrow's husband leaves her and her eleven-year-old son she is faced with the terrifying prospect of having to recreate her whole life. She opens her house to a series of lodgers who each in the eccentric way help her to see herself. And she shakes a friend, who shows her that she has the ability to make her own future."
"9780192833075 B`..melodrama is perennial and the craving for it is perennial and must be satisfied' T. S. Eliot ('Wilkie Collins and Dickens') Collins's ability to construct a gripping situation and to create an atmosphere of mystery and menace is fully evident in the three novellas reprinted here. All proceed through a series of dramatic scenes to a climax that in one case at least is literally explosive. The fast-paced Miss or Mrs? (1871) opens on a yacht, features a remarkably unconventional heroine, and entails murder attempts, blackmail, clandestine marriage and commercial fraud. Dramatic and psychologically absorbing, the action of The Haunted Hotel (1878) takes place in an ancient Venetian palazzo converted into a modern hotel that houses a grisly secreI. Lastly, set in a beautiful water-mill, The Guilty River (1886) depicts a group of alienated characters, whose relationships threaten to erupt in violence and murder. Varied in setting and tone, these stories demonstrate Collins's plot-making skill at its most succinct and intricate. *Introduction * Textual Note * Bibliography * Chronology * * Explanatory Notes *Appendix: Collins's prefaces"
"9780060933524 Bobby Jobe is a pro golfer whose swing is better than his attitude. When he bogies the last four holes and blows his lead in a major tournament -- again -- he berates his caddy, Henry ""Greyhound"" Mote. Jobe loses both Greyhound, who walks off the course, and the game. And before the day is out, he'll lose his eyesight to a lightning strike and his future in golf -- unless he can do what no one has ever done blind: make a comeback. Bob Cullen's funny and wise story, full of PGA lore, perfectly captures the mysterious and irresistible nature of the game of golf, not to mention, love, friendship, and life."
"9780060787035 Go further under the covers and stay in bed a little longer with Marian Keyes in this winning follow-up to her smash essay collection, Under the Duvet. Written in the witty, forthright style that has earned her legions of devoted readers, Cracks in My Foundation offers an even deeper and more candid look into this beloved author's mind and heart, exploring such universal themes as friends and family, home, glamour and beauty, children, travel, and more. Marian's hilarious and thoughtful take on life makes her readers feel they are reading a friend, not just an author. Marian continues to entertain with her reports from the trenches, and throws in some original short fiction as well. Whether it's visiting Siberia, breaking it off with an old hairdresser, shopping (of course!), turning forty, living with her beloved husband, Himself (a man beyond description), or musing on the F word (feminism), Marian shares the joys, passions, and sorrows of her world and helps us feel good about our own. So grab a latte and a pillow and get ready to laugh your slippers off!"
"9780553803815 A history of the Byzantine Empire describes the cultural, artistic, religious, and scientific heritage of Byzantium that was preserved in the wake of the empire's 1453 fall to enemy conquerors, and its influence on Western civilization."
"9780753810743 Moffat builds up a thesis which enables him to reveal the location and identity of the real Arthur, asserting that he was not a king but a cavalry general chosen around 500AD to lead a coalition army. The key to this argument lies in place-names and their derivation, and that the lost medieval city of Roxburgh and its castle were Arthur's Camelot."
"9780156007757 A city is hit by an epidemic of ""white blindness"" whose victims are confined to a vacant mental hospital, while a single eyewitness to the nightmare guides seven oddly assorted strangers through the barren urban landscape"
"9780099456452 A wonderful and terrifying series by a new writer about a young boy training to be an exorcist. Thomas Ward is the seventh son of a seventh son and has been apprenticed to the local Spook. The job is hard, the Spook is distant and many apprentices have failed before Thomas. Somehow Thomas must learn how to exorcise ghosts, contain witches and bind boggarts. But when he is tricked into freeing Mother Malkin, the most evil witch in the County, the horror begins . ."
"9780521618748 This edition of Hamlet is part of the groundbreaking Cambridge School Shakespeare series established by Rex Gibson. Remaining faithful to the series' active approach it treats the play as a script to be acted, explored and enjoyed. As well as the complete script of the play, you will find a variety of classroom-tested activities, an eight-page colour section and a selection of notes including information on characters, performance, history and language."
"9781400032716 Despite his overwhelming fear of interacting with people, Christopher, a mathematically-gifted, autistic fifteen-year-old boy, decides to investigate the murder of a neighbor's dog and uncovers secret information about his mother."
"9780224060875 If you read just one sports book this year, this is the one' Express on SundayLance Armstrong was one of the most precocious talents the world of cycling had ever seen. Within a year of turning professional in 1992 he was World Champion. In 1994 he won tw"
"9780812971897 An authoritative study of the Islamic faith in relation to the other world religions sheds new light on its origins and history, from the social reformation role of Muhammad to the impact of fundamentalism and terrorism on Islam. Reprint. 35,000 first printing."
"9780745628974 In this new book, Slavoj Žižek and Glyn Daly engage in a series of entertaining conversations which illustrate the originality of Žižek’s thinking on psychoanalysis, philosophy, multiculturalism, popular/cyber culture, totalitarianism, ethics and politics. An excellent introduction to one of the most engaging and controversial cultural theorists writing today. Žižek is a Slovenian sociologist who trained as a Lacanian and uses Lacan to analyse popular culture and politics. Illustrates the originality of Žižek’s thinking on psychoanalysis, philosophy, multi-culturalism, popular/cyber culture, totalitarianism, ethics and politics. Provides a unique glimpse of Žižek’s humour and character and offers new material and fresh perspectives which will be of interest to followers of Žižek’s writings."
"9780345455826 Provides a detailed look at 1968, a pivotal year in the history of the twentieth century, exploring the turbulent events, politics, culture, economics, and social changes that marked a volatile year."
"9781400079490 In a novel of alternative history, aviation hero Charles A. Lindbergh defeats Franklin Roosevelt in the 1940 presidential election, negotiating an accord with Adolf Hitler and accepting his conquest of Europe and anti-Semitic policies."
"9780618127368 The author shares his memories of his favorite dog, Colter, and the diverse ways in which he transformed the author's life, in a look at the dynamic relationship between humans and dogs."
"9780861711765 The author plumbs the ""Eightfold Path"" of Buddhism for advice on how to live life with the proper attention to understanding, thinking, speech, action, livelihood, effort, mindfulness, and concentration."
"9780099446729 Lestat Is Back, Saviour And Demon, Presiding Over A Gothic Story Of Family Greed And Hatred Through Generations, A Terrifying Drama Of Blood Lust And Betrayal, Possession And Matricide. Blackwood Farm With Its Grand Southern Mansion, Set Among Dark Cypress Swamps In Louisiana, Harbours Terrible Blood-Stained Secrets And Family Ghosts. Heir To Them All Is Quinn Blackwood, Young, Rash And Beautiful, Himself A 'Bloodhunter' Whom Lestat Takes Under His Wing. But Quinn Is In Thrall Not Only To The Past And His Own Appetites But, Even More Dangerously, To A Companion Spirit, A 'Goblin' Succubus Who Could Destroy Him And Others. Only The Unearthly Power Of Lestat Combined With The Earthly Powers Of The Mayfair Clan Could Hope To Save Quinn From Himself And His Ghosts, Or To Rescue The Doomed Girl Quinn Loves From Her Own Mortality- Shocking, Savage And Richly Erotic, This Novel With The Deceptively Gentle Title Bring Us Anne Rice At Her Most Powerfully Disturbing. Here Are Vampires And Witches, Men And Women, Demons And A Doppelg-Nger, Caught Up In A Maelstrom Of Death And Destruction, Blood And Fire, Cruelty And Fate."
"9780440242949 Hurtled back through time more than two hundred years to Scotland in 1743, Claire Randall finds herself caught in the midst of an unfamiliar world torn apart by violence, pestilence, and revolution and haunted by her growing feelings for James Fraser, a young soldier. Reissue."
"9780552548229 ""The princess has been missing since she was a baby. And Rosie, an ordinary girl, is growing up in an unremarkable little village far away from the royal city. nremarkable, that is, in a land where magic is so common that it settles over everything like dust. But a fairy curse is the kind of magic nobody wants, because it always comes true. And Rosie cannot stay ordinary for ever .... obin McKinley, winner of the Newbery Medal, reweaves a classic fantasy tale, sparkling with magic and adventure, some wonderful animals and birds and - of course - fairies, both good and bad."""
"9780064407311 FADE IN: INTERIOR: Early morning in CELL BLOCK D, MANHATTAN DETENTION CENTER. Steve (Voice-Over) Sometimes I feel like I have walked into the middle of a movie. Maybe I can make my own movie. The film will be the story of my life. No, not my life, but of this experience. I'll call it what the lady prosecutor called me ... Monster."
"9780940322783 The novelist and essayist Elizabeth Hardwick is one of contemporary America's most brilliant writers, and Seduction and Betrayal, in which she considers the careers of women writers as well as the larger question of the presence of women in literature, is her most passionate and concentrated work of criticism. A gallery of unforgettable portraits--of Virginia Woolf and Zelda Fitzgerald, Dorothy Wordsworth and Jane Carlyle--as well as a provocative reading of such works as Wuthering Heights, Hedda Gabler, and the poems of Sylvia Plath, Seduction and Betrayal is a virtuoso performance, a major writer's reckoning with the relations between men and women, women and writing, writing and life."
"9780763628000 After learning about the American Revolution on a family trip to Boston, Massachusetts, Judy Moody makes her own Declaration of Independence and tries to prove that she is responsible enough to have more freedoms, such as a higher allowance and her own bathroom. Reprint."
"9781857093315 Tom Hunter is a London-based photographer of international renown for his engaging, distinctive, and often provocative re-creations of Old Master paintings. In 1998 he won the John Kobal Photographic Portrait Award for A Woman Reading a Possession Order, a beautifully crafted photograph based on a composition by the Dutch master, Johannes Vermeer (1632–1675). Featuring selections of the bold images that established Hunter’s reputation, together with new work, this book conveys the artist’s deep concern with depicting the lives of the residents of Hackney, East London, as captured in the headlines of Hunter’s local newspaper, the Hackney Gazette. These startling, sometimes tragic, stories are retold in carefully staged photographs, whose compositions are frequently derived from paintings in the National Gallery. An essay by best-selling novelist Tracy Chevalier examines Hunter’s story-telling, while Colin Wiggins discusses the relationship between Hunter’s work and paintings in the National Gallery and elsewhere."
"9780345420749 Years after a friend was brutally murdered, Jo Becker is now married with a grown family, but when an old housemate moves nearby, Jo rekindles a relationship that takes her back to the past and threatens her future."
"9781592000678 Demonstrating how to make a film with the help of a DV camera and computer, this entertaining handbook provides detailed instructions on how to create an innovative film on a budget and offers tips on how to distribute, promote, and sell one's finished production, accompanied by a CD-ROM containing sample movies, lessons, interviews, trailers, and other useful tools. Original. (Beginner)"
9780691017778 This essay on humanity's experience of history and its interpretation begins with a study of the traditional or mythological view and concludes with a comparative estimate of modern historiological approaches.
"9780743272506 An only survivor of the ambitious Boleyn family, lady-in-waiting Jane Boleyn testifies against Henry VIII's latest queen, Anne of Cleeves, and conspires to place her young cousin, Catherine Howard, on the throne. By the author of The Other Boleyn Girl. 225,000 first printing."
"9780486420493 A satire of New York society at the turn of the century follows Lily Bart, who is torn between the pressure to marry a wealthy husband and the desire to be true to herself."
"9780375507151 Interweaving personal reminiscences and investigative journalism, describes the author's journey--in the wake of his grief over a close relative's suicide--to Beachy Head, England, one of the most popular suicide spots in the world."
"9780192837622 Male, female, deft, fraudulent, constantly shifting: which of the `masquerade' of passengers on the Mississippi steamboat Fidele is `the confidence man'? The central motif of Melville's last and most `modern' novel can be seen as a symbol of American cultural history."
"9780307277671 While in Paris on business, Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon receives an urgent late-night phone call: the elderly curator of the Louvre has been murdered inside the museum. Near the body, police have found a baffling cipher. While working to solve the enigmatic riddle, Langdon is stunned to discover it leads to a trail of clues hidden in the works of Da Vinci--clues visible for all to see--yet ingeniously disguised by the painter. Langdon joins forces with a gifted French cryptologist, Sophie Neveu, and learns the late curator was involved in the Priory of Sion--an actual secret society whose members included Sir Isaac Newton, Botticelli, Victor Hugo, and Da Vinci, among others. In a breathless race through Paris, London, and beyond, Langdon and Neveu match wits with a faceless power broker who seems to anticipate their every move. Unless Langdon and Neveu can decipher the labyrinthine puzzle in time, the Priory's ancient secret--and an explosive historical truth--will be lost forever."
"9780446696616 Four crime-solving friends face off against a killer in San Francisco in the Women's Murder Club novel that started James Patterson's thrilling series. Each one holds a piece of the puzzle: Lindsay Boxer is a homicide inspector in the San Francisco Police Department, Claire Washburn is a medical examiner, Jill Bernhardt is an assistant D.A., and Cindy Thomas just started working the crime desk of the San Francisco Chronicle. But the usual procedures aren't bringing them any closer to stopping the killings. So these women form a Women's Murder Club to collaborate outside the box and pursue the case by sidestepping their bosses and giving each other a hand. The four women develop intense bonds as they pursue a killer whose crimes have stunned an entire city. Working together, they track down the most terrifying and unexpected killer they have ever encountered--before a shocking conclusion in which everything they knew turns out to be devastatingly wrong. Full of the breathtaking drama and unforgettable emotions for which James Patterson is famous, 1st to Die is the start of the #1 New York Times bestselling series of crime thrillers."
"9780140018325 Eleven Devious, Shocking Stories from the Master of the Unpredictable. What could go wrong when a wife pawns the mink coat that her lover gave her as a parting gift? What happens when a pricelass piece of furniture is the subject of a deceitful bargain? Can a wronged woman take revenge on her dead husband? In these dark, dangerous stories Roald Dahl explores the sinister side of human nature: the cunning, sly, selfish part of each of us that leads into the territory of the unexpected and unsettling. Stylish, macabre and haunting, these tales will leave you with a delicious feeling of unease."
"9781405203951 A fantastic children’s crime story from the world’s best-loved children’s author, Enid Blyton. Fatty has discovered an amazing talent for disguise. He fools everyone with his French student act - even Mr Goon! But when Pip discovers a secret room in Milton House, the children decide to investigate . . . What will they discover in The Mystery of the Secret Room? The Mystery series follows the adventures of ‘The Five Find Outers’ - Pip, Bets, Larry, Daisy and Fatty, as they solve the most unusual crime cases with the help of their dog Buster. Enid Blyton is arguably the most famous children’s author of all time. Thanks to series such as The Wishing-Chair, The Faraway Tree­, The Mysteries, The Famous Five and The Secret Seven, she has sold over 400 million books in more than 40 languages worldwide. Her Mysteries stories have charmed generations of children – and they are as popular today as they have ever been."
"9781567921892 1986 Set on the obligatory English moor, on an isolated cause-way, the story stars an up-and-coming young solicitor who sets out to settle the estate of Mrs. Drablow. Routine affairs quickly give way to a tumble of events and secrets more sinister than any nightmare. This first-class thriller - lately reincarnated on the stage - is a brilliant exercise in controlled horror. A real spine-tingler by a real master."
"9780141183022 Though best known in the English speaking world for his short fictions and poems, Borges is revered in Latin America equally as an immensely prolific and beguiling writer of non-fiction prose. In THE TOTAL LIBRARY, more than 150 of Borges' most brilliant pieces are brought together for the first time in one volume - all in superb new translations. More than a hundred of the pieces have never previously been published in English. THE TOTAL LIBRARY presents Borges at once as a deceptively self-effacing guide to the universe and as the inventor of a universe that is an indispensible guide to Borges"
"9780064473552 Strange things happen at Hexwood Farm. From her window, Ann Stavely watches person after person disappear through the farm's gate -- and never come out again. Later, in the woods nearby, she meets a tormented sorcerer, who seems to have arisen from a centuries-long sleep. But Ann knows she saw him enter the farm just that morning. Meanwhile, time keeps shifting in the woods, where a small boy -- or perhaps a teenager -- has encountered a robot and a dragon. Long before the end of their adventure, the strangeness of Hexwood has spread from Earth right out to the center of the galaxy."
9781421500904 Sophie is resigned to her fate as a hat shop apprentice until a witch turns her into an old woman and she finds herself in the castle of the greatly feared wizard Howl.
"9780439862691 With the fate of the world resting on the outcome of his battle against the mud-dripping minotaur, Tom's final exam is one that is certain to test his combined knowledge in the field and, if he survives, rightfully earn him his Ghosthunting Diploma."
"9780262740258 One of our most daring intellectuals offers a Lacanian interpretation of religion, finding that early Christianity was the first revolutionary collective. Slavoj Zizek has been called ""an academic rock star"" and ""the wild man of theory""; his writing mixes astonishing erudition and references to pop culture in order to dissect current intellectual pieties. In The Puppet and the Dwarf he offers a close reading of today's religious constellation from the viewpoint of Lacanian psychoanalysis. He critically confronts both predominant versions of today's spirituality--New Age gnosticism and deconstructionist-Levinasian Judaism--and then tries to redeem the ""materialist"" kernel of Christianity. His reading of Christianity is explicitly political, discerning in the Pauline community of believers the first version of a revolutionary collective. Since today even advocates of Enlightenment like Jurgen Habermas acknowledge that a religious vision is needed to ground our ethical and political stance in a ""postsecular"" age, this book--with a stance that is clearly materialist and at the same time indebted to the core of the Christian legacy--is certain to stir controversy."
"9780842386876 In the fourth volume in the continuing saga of the Baxter family, Brooke Baxter, a woman who has accomplished everything in life--a successful career, beautiful home, and two wonderful children--finds her newfound faith and her shaky marriage challenged by overwhelming loss. Original."
"9780140445770 In Either/Or, using the voices of two characters - the aesthetic young man of part one, called simply 'A', and the ethical Judge Vilhelm of the second section - Kierkegaard reflects upon the search for a meaningful existence, contemplating subjects as diverse as Mozart, drama, boredom, and, in the famous Seducer's Diary, the cynical seduction and ultimate rejection of a young, beautiful woman. A masterpiece of duality, Either/Or is a brilliant exploration of the conflict between the aesthetic and the ethical - both meditating ironically and seductively upon Epicurean pleasures, and eloquently expounding the noble virtues of a morally upstanding life."
"9780785113799 Still on the run from their super-villain parents, this motley crew of super-powered kids finds a kindred spirit in a daring young stranger and welcomes him into their fold. But will he help the teenagers defeat their villainous parents, or tear them apart?"
"9780375719011 The discovery of a mysterious doppelganger turns Goliadkin's life upside down in The Double, while the psychological novel The Gambler combines aspects of two obsessions: the love of a rejecting woman and the fever of gambling, in an omnibus edition containing new translations of two masterful short novels. Reprint."
"9780767923064 Born into wealth amid the political and artistic foment of the Italian Renaissance, worldly and ambitious Isabella and naïve Beatrice Este, sisters and rivals, compete for the attentions of Ludovico Sforza, the Duke of Milan--even though he marries Beatrice--and must choose between family loyalty and survival amid the treachery of a dangerous era. Reprint. 30,000 first printing."
"9780316706001 The year is 1973. As a freak winter storm bears down on an exclusive, affluent suburb in Connecticut, cark skid out of control, men and women swap partners, and their children experiment with sex, drugs, and even suicide. Here two families, the Hoods and the Williamses, com face-to-face with the seething emotions behind the well-clipped lawns of their lives-in a novel widely hailed as a funny, acerbic, and moving hymn to a dazed and confused era of American life."
"9780312316136 An Oxford scholar and author of The Truth About the Irish candidly recounts his experiences as an impoverished youth, a convent gatekeeper, a Catholic in Protestant England, a working-class Irish immigrant among the Oxbridge elite, and a Marxist visiting professor in Mormon Utah. Reprint. 15,000 first printing."
"9780060566104 ""This is not a book about charismatic visionary leaders. It is not about visionary product concepts or visionary products or visionary market insights. Nor is it about just having a corporate vision. This is a book about something far more important, enduring, and substantial. This is a book about visionary companies."" So write Jim Collins and Jerry Porras in this groundbreaking book that shatters myths, provides new insights, and gives practical guidance to those who would like to build landmark companies that stand the test of time. Drawing upon a six-year research project at the Stanford University Graduate School of Business, Collins and Porras took eighteen truly exceptional and long-lasting companies -- they have an average age of nearly one hundred years and have outperformed the general stock market by a factor of fifteen since 1926 -- and studied each company in direct comparison to one of its top competitors. They examined the companies from their very beginnings to the present day -- as start-ups, as midsize companies, and as large corporations. Throughout, the authors asked: ""What makes the truly exceptional companies different from other companies?"" What separates General Electric, 3M, Merck, Wal-Mart, Hewlett-Packard, Walt Disney, and Philip Morris from their rivals? How, for example, did Procter & Gamble, which began life substantially behind rival Colgate, eventually prevail as the premier institution in its industry? How was Motorola able to move from a humble battery repair business into integrated circuits and cellular communications, while Zenith never became dominant in anything other than TVs? How did Boeing unseat McDonnell Douglas as the world's best commercial aircraft company -- what did Boeing have that McDonnell Douglas lacked? By answering such questions, Collins and Porras go beyond the incessant barrage of management buzzwords and fads of the day to discover timeless qualities that have consistently distinguished out-standing companies. They also provide inspiration to all executives and entrepreneurs by destroying the false but widely accepted idea that only charismatic visionary leaders can build visionary companies. Filled with hundreds of specific examples and organized into a coherent framework of practical concepts that can be applied by managers and entrepreneurs at all levels, Built to Last provides a master blueprint for building organizations that will prosper long into the twenty-first century and beyond."
9780140156041 The scheme of two disgruntled CIA agents to stage an unsuccessful attempt on the life of President Kennedy and link it to Cuba backfires when the erratic Lee Harvey Oswald goes too far
"9780441317486 Mr. Fisk Centers buys real estate on Mars, where he drives a supersonic car in a suicide race and visits a robot mortician for a sample embalming. Reprint."
"9780141015088 In her dazzling first book Julie Orringer dives into the private world of childhood and immerses us in its fears and longings: the jealous friendships and the bitter sibling battles; the parents that row and the boys that won't dance with you. Then, in a voice that is equally tender and compassionate, she reminds us of those rare, exhilarating moments of victory.'Unbelievably good: the humiliations and cruelties and passions of childhood, sparkling fresh prose, a writer with a big heart and an acute sense of the small things that loom large in our lives' Monica Ali, Guardian"
"9780751533439 Edwardian England is a country at the peak of its power; a kingdom of peace, prosperity and progress. As Jessie and Violet enjoy their coming-out in the glittering Season of 1908, their thoughts are of pleasure, dancing and falling in love. For the Morlands things seem set fair: new business ventures expand their influence and wealth; there are weddings, babies in the nursery, careers for the boys now reaching manhood. It is an exciting age, with new technologies - motor cars, telephones, radio, aeroplanes - extending man's control over the natural world. But under the appearance of permanence, a different reality is stirring. Socialism, the suffrage movement, the constitutional crisis, all call forth ever more dissent and anger. Increasingly violent protests and strikes disturb the peace; war with Germany looms ever closer. With the King's death, it begins to seem that the safe Edwardian world was only a dream, from which the wakening will be hard indeed."
"9780312288013 Sixteen year olds Maya and Roe form an intense friendship when they find themselves cast as outsiders at an all girls boarding school. Sharing their life stories, and curiosity about the adult world, they wonder how they might become ""people"" with style and character as opposed to school girls. When they move beyond the enclosed world of the school to experience the city, and relationships with men, both girls test the line between an emerging sense of self and its total disintegration."
"9780446605465 The future of humanity is in doubt when the minds of those long dead begin taking over the bodies of the living, forcing one man to search for a lost doomsday machine"
"9780064472777 Top Ten Reasons Samantha Madison is in Deep Trouble 10. Her big sister is the most popular girl in school 9. Her little sister is a certified genius 8. She's in love with her big sister's boyfriend 7. She got caught selling celebrity portraits in school 6. And now she's being forced to take art classes 5. She's just saved the president of the United Statesfrom an assassination attempt 4. So the whole world thinks she is a hero 3. Even though Sam knows she is far, far from being a hero 2. And now she's been appointed teen ambassador to the UNAnd the number-one reason Sam's life is over?1. The president's son just might be in love with her"
"9780810117310 ""Twenty-five hundred scientists have been herded into an isolated site in the Nevada desert. A neutrino message of extraterrestrial origin has been received, and, under the surveillance of the Pentagon, the scientists labor on His Master's Voice, the secret program set up to decipher the transmission.""--BOOK JACKET. ""Among them is Peter Hogarth, an eminent mathematician whose posthumous diary makes up the novel. Hogarth joins His Master's Voice after all efforts to decode the message prove futile and, after an early success, gives up on the project to pursue clandestine research into the so-called TX effect. Hogarth comes to realize that the TX effect could lead to the construction of the ultimate weapon - a fission bomb - and that such knowledge must not be allowed into the hands of the military.""--BOOK JACKET. ""Originally published in 1968, His Master's Voice takes to task the military takeover of scientific research, Cold War - era politics, and humanity's perpetual capacity for (self-)destruction. It remains a mordant satire on scientific microworlds and the monstrous political and military systems bankrolling them.""--BOOK JACKET."
"9780306808821 Scottish novelist, poet, and essayist Robert Louis Stevenson (1850–1894) was a writer of power and originality, who penned such classics as Treasure Island, Kidnapped, and The Weir of Hermiston. The editor has collected in convenient form Stevenson's short fiction, including the complete New Arabian Nights and The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, as well as ghost stories, medieval romances, farces, horror stories, and the South Sea Tales. This volume amply illustrates Stephenson's wide range and enduring appeal."
"9780451452887 As Tikat searches for the lover whose death and resurrection he witnessed, he meets three women--each of whom hides a secret, and who respectively each undertake her own impossible mission. By the author of The Last Unicorn."
"9780142003299 The legendary 007 deals with a rich, deranged major who cannot cope when his greedy past catches up with him in Octopussy and matches wits with a Russian agent taking part in a Southeby's auction of a Fabergé egg in The Living Daylights, in a volume containing two Bond adventures. Reprint. 25,000 first printing."
9780811213202 Offers a religious vision combining Christian faith with Buddhist acceptance in the story of a group of Japanese tourists who converge at the Ganges River in India
"9780375752339 In the standard English translation of the second volume, first published in 1920, of the classic French novel, the narrator is introduced to the characters of Parisian high society thanks to the Duc and Duchesse de Guermantes. Original. 12,500 first printing."
"9780786809943 After struggling against the gods and his fate for more than twenty years, Odysseus has returned to Ithaca at last. But things have changed: what used to be his island has been overrun by suitors who clamor for his wife's hand in marriage and plague his son, Telemachus. With the help of the gray-eyed goddess, Athena, Odysseus and Telemachus set out to regain control of Ithaca. In the last book of the series based on episodes from Homer's Odyssey, Mary Pope Osborne brings one of the greatest adventures of all time to a dramatic climax."
"9780006486145 Gareth is just a frightened young lad when he is drafted in to be the whipping-boy for the unruly Prince Dagnarus. Yet as they grow to be men, an unshakable bond is formed. And it is their destiny for them to become the two most powerful - and feared - men in the kingdom. But when Dagnarus decides to become a knight himself, he begins a chain of evil events that threaten to destroy the entire kingdom. Only by uniting the Sovereign Stone can peace be restored, and it is up to Dagnarus' brother Helmos to try to achieve this impossible task, using his father's soldiers against his brother's army. All the while, Gareth is gaining mastery over the sinister Void magic, and he is devoted to helping his childhood companion.. This gripping story of magical power and corruption takes the unique viewpoint of focusing on the evil characters, as we follow them from boys to men. Filled with action, suspense and wonderfully imaginative characters, Water From the Well of Darkness is set to elevate the careers of bestselling authors Weis & Hickman to spectacular new heights."
"9780060013134 Arch-swindler Moist Van Lipwig never believed his confidence crimes were hanging offenses -- until he found himself with a noose tightly around his neck, dropping through a trapdoor, and falling into ... a government job? By all rights, Moist should have met his maker. Instead, it's Lord Vetinari, supreme ruler of Ankh-Morpork, who promptly offers him a job as Postmaster. Since his only other option is a nonliving one, Moist accepts the position -- and the hulking golem watchdog who comes along with it, just in case Moist was considering abandoning his responsibilities prematurely. Getting the moribund Postal Service up and running again, however, may be a near-impossible task, what with literally mountains of decades-old undelivered mail clogging every nook and cranny of the broken-down post office building; and with only a few creaky old postmen and one rather unstable, pin-obsessed youth available to deliver it. Worse still, Moist could swear the mail is talking to him. Worst of all, it means taking on the gargantuan, money-hungry Grand Trunk clacks communication monopoly and its bloodthirsty piratical head, Mr. Reacher Gilt. But it says on the building neither rain nor snow nor glo m of ni t ... Inspiring words (admittedly, some of the bronze letters have been stolen), and for once in his wretched life Moist is going to fight. And if the bold and impossible are what's called for, he'll do it -- in order to move the mail, continue breathing, get the girl, and specially deliver that invaluable commodity that every human being (not to mention troll, dwarf, and, yes, even golem) requires: hope."
"9781594481529 Citizens waiting to enter the country of Inner Horner, a strange land that is only large enough for one resident at a time, fall prey to the tyrannical rule of the ambitious and power-hungry Phil, igniting an outbreak of injustice and mass hysteria, in an unusual novel by the author of Pastoralia. Original."
"9780446695671 Murder, politics, and G-strings collide in this caper from the bestselling author of Tourist Season. Hilarity and chaos break out in a strip joint when a bachelor party gets out of hand, making the drunken guest of honor a threat to ""big money"" and ""big government."""
"9780316013260 Now in paperback-the format in which it's destined to become a reading group favorite-the most heralded and hilarious memoir of recent years: Nearing 30 and trapped in a dead-end secretarial job, Julie Powell reclaims her life by cooking every single recipe in Julia Child's legendary Mastering the Art of French Cooking in the span of one year. It's a hysterical, inconceivable redemptive journey - life rediscovered through aspics, calves' brains and crème brûlée. The bestselling memoir that's ""irresistible....A kind of Bridget Jones meets The French Chef"" (Philadelphia Inquirer) is now a major motion picture directed by Nora Ephron, starring Amy Adams as Julie and Meryl Streep as Julia, the film Julie & Julia will be released by Sony Pictures on August 7, 2009."
"9781585425242 The well-known author of Fear of Flying comments on some of the immense changes that her generation has faced, in such areas as dating, marriage, monogamy, lust, love, and sexual relations. Reprint."
"9780812974928 The turbulent history of the Caribbean islands is chronicled, from tribal conflicts on Dominica and the age of exploration, to the Cuban revolution and the tempestuous present, through the colorful lives of characters, fictional and real-life. Reprint. 15,000 first printing."
"9780552152945 The tenth Discworld novel. The alchemists of the Discworld have discovered the magic of the silver screen. But what is the dark secret of Holy Wood hill? It's up to Victor Tugelbend ('Can't sing. Can't dance. Can handle a sword a little.') and Theda Withel ('I come from a little town you've probably never heard of') to find out... Moving Pictures, the tenth Discworld novel is a gloriously funny saga set against the background of a world gone mad!"
"9780231138765 Praised for its rare combination of scholarly rigor and imaginative interpretation, Nietzsche and Philosophy has long been recognized as one of the most important analyses of Nietzsche. It is also one of the best introductions to Deleuze's thought, establishing many of his central philosophical positions. In Nietzsche and Philosophy, Deleuze identifies and explores three crucial concepts in Nietzschean thought-multiplicity, becoming, and affirmation-and clarifies Nietzsche's views regarding the will to power, eternal return, nihilism, and difference. For Deleuze, Nietzsche challenged conventional philosophical ideas and provided a means of escape from Hegel's dialectical thinking, which had come to dominate French philosophy. He also offered a path toward a politics of difference. In this new edition, Michael Hardt's foreword examines the profound influence of Deleuze's provocative interpretations on the study of Nietzsche, which opened a whole new avenue in postwar thought."
"9780142002261 Follows the author, who was originally just a curious reporter and now a Scrabble fiend, as he becomes an expert Scrabble player and delves into the realm of Scrabble culture, where he encounters a vitamin-popping standup comic and the three-time champion who plays by Zen principles, and realizes that Scrabble is more than just a game on many different levels. Reprint."
"9780439785969 When Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince opens, the war against Voldemort has begun. The Wizarding world has split down the middle, and as the casualties mount, the effects even spill over onto the Muggles. Dumbledore is away from Hogwarts for long periods, and the Order of the Phoenix has suffered grievous losses. And yet, as in all wars, life goes on. Harry, Ron, and Hermione, having passed their O.W.L. level exams, start on their specialist N.E.W.T. courses. Sixth-year students learn to Apparate, losing a few eyebrows in the process. Teenagers flirt and fight and fall in love. Harry becomes captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch team, while Draco Malfoy pursues his own dark ends. And classes are as fascinating and confounding as ever, as Harry receives some extraordinary help in Potions from the mysterious Half-Blood Prince. Most importantly, Dumbledore and Harry work together to uncover the full and complex story of a boy once named Tom Riddle—the boy who became Lord Voldemort. Like Harry, he was the son of one Muggle-born and one Wizarding parent, raised unloved, and a speaker of Parseltongue. But the similarities end there, as the teenaged Riddle became deeply interested in the Dark objects known as Horcruxes: objects in which a wizard can hide part of his soul, if he dares splinter that soul through murder. Harry must use all the tools at his disposal to draw a final secret out of one of Riddle’s teachers, the sly Potions professor Horace Slughorn. Finally Harry and Dumbledore hold the key to the Dark Lord’s weaknesses... until a shocking reversal exposes Dumbledore’s own vulnerabilities, and casts Harry’s—and Hogwarts’s—future in shadow."
"9781400047338 A collection of dessert recipes that can be created with a minimum of ingredients and preparation time includes a variety of classic favorites, restaurant fare, and kid-friendly options, from Carrot Cake and Banana Bisque to Cookieburgers and Peanut Butter Worms. 30,000 first printing."
"9780679761044 Follows the story of a tragic affair between a wealthy dilettante and a mountain geisha who gives herself to him without illusions or regrets, in a tale of wasted love by the Nobel Prize-winning Japanese author. Reprint. 10,000 first printing."
"9780199205646 Mitochondria are tiny structures located inside our cells that carry out the essential task of producing energy for the cell. They are found in all complex living things, and in that sense, they are fundamental for driving complex life on the planet. But there is much more to them than that. Mitochondria have their own DNA, with their own small collection of genes, separate from those in the cell nucleus. It is thought that they were once bacteria living independent lives. Their enslavement within the larger cell was a turning point in the evolution of life, enabling the development of complex organisms and, closely related, the origin of two sexes. Unlike the DNA in the nucleus, mitochondrial DNA is passed down exclusively (or almost exclusively) via the female line. That's why it has been used by some researchers to trace human ancestry daughter-to-mother, to 'Mitochondrial Eve'. Mitochondria give us important information about our evolutionary history. And that's not all. Mitochondrial genes mutate much faster than those in the nucleus because of the free radicals produced in their energy-generating role. This high mutation rate lies behind our ageing and certain congenital diseases. The latest research suggests that mitochondria play a key role in degenerative diseases such as cancer, through their involvement in precipitating cell suicide. Mitochondria, then, are pivotal in power, sex, and suicide. In this fascinating and thought-provoking book, Nick Lane brings together the latest research findings in this exciting field to show how our growing understanding of mitochondria is shedding light on how complex life evolved, why sex arose (why don't we just bud?), and why we age and die. This understanding is of fundamental importance, both in understanding how we and all other complex life came to be, but also in order to be able to control our own illnesses, and delay our degeneration and death. 'An extraordinary account of groundbreaking modern science... The book abounds with interesting and important ideas.' Mark Ridley, Department of Zoology, University of Oxford"
"9780451527455 A new translation of the complete texts of the Republic, Apology, Crito Phaido, Ion, Meno, and Symposium reveals the genius of Plato as he struggled with education, justice, the ""philosopher king,"" and utopian visions of society. Reprint. BAKER & TAYLOR Bks"
"9781416505518 A group of students goes through the gate to an unknown planet for a two-to-ten-day final exam in Advanced Survival only to realize, after a period of fighting the elements and wildlife, that something has gone wrong with the gate and what was a brief survival exam has become an endless struggle for life. Reprint. 10,000 first prinitng."
"9780064406925 The Little House books tell the story of a little pioneer girl and her family as they traveled by covered wagon across the Midwest. Laura Ingalls Wilder's classic books, illustrated with Garth Williams' timeless artwork, have been cherished by millions of readers ever since they were first published over sixty years ago. This My First Little House Book introduces Almanzo Wilder, the young boy from Farmer Boy who would one day marry Laura Ingalls. In Winter on the Farm, Almanzo goes through his afternoon barn chores, and then sits down to eat a hearty farm supper with his family. In this first book about Almanzo, young readers are able to share in the warmth and joy of another Little House family and celebrate new Little House adventures. Winter on the Farm is the first in an ongoing series about Laura’s beloved farmer boy."
"9780786931934 An anthology of short fiction captures the world of the diverse dragons of Krynn, along with the dragon-slayers and magic users who study the powerful creatures."
"9780340831205 Following the massive success of THE ART OF HAPPINESS, the Dalai Lama & Howard Cutler now bring their bestselling message to our working lives. Of the many Dalai Lama titles on sale, THE ART OF HAPPINESS - written with western psychiatrist Howard Cutler - is by far the biggest bestseller of them all. A huge international success, it has sold over 2 million copies worldwide, with nearly 300,000 of these in the UK alone. Now, this inspirational new book brings the successful East-meets-West pairing together again to provide a practical application of Tibetan Buddhist spiritual values to the world of work. In this wise and practical book, the Dalai Lama shows us how to place our working lives into the context of our lives as a whole. Rather than striving to find a role which suits us, we should allow our work to arise naturally from who we are - and what is most important to us. From here we reach a pathway that can lead us to true life fulfilment and purpose."
9780345479174 An overview of a week in the entrepreneur's life and opinions on everything from football to New York mayors accompany stories of Trump's best real estate deals and a discussion of the deal maker's art. Reprint.
"9780830825707 James K. Beilby and Paul R. Eddy edit a collection of essays on four views of atonement: the healing view, the Christus victor view, the kaleidoscopic view and the penal substitutionary view. This is a book that will help Christians understand the issues, grasp the differences and proceed toward a clearer articulation of their understanding of the atonement."
"9780064434980 Even the youngest child can enjoy a special adaptation of a classic Little House tale, as Laura and Mary listen to Pa talk about meeting a mother deer and her baby fawn deep in the Big Woods of Wisconsin."
9780767911795 A study of the Enron scandal goes behind the scenes to profile the players and expose business practices involved in the financial and political debacle that had a profound impact on both Washington and Wall Street.
"9780767910439 A revised and updated edition of a humorous primer on the English language, expanded for an American audience, contains entries on correct and questionable usage, a glossary, and a pronunciation guide. Reprint. 25,000 first printing."
"9780743243803 The author shares her perspective on such topics as the 2000 election, present-day civil rights activists, and the relationship between the United States and Canada."
"9780859653725 Marilyn Manson in more than a mere rock star - he is a cultural phenomenon. He has created a phantasmal world of freaks irresistible to a generation of disaffected youth, while generating unprecedented controversy and protests from conservative and Christian organisations. In Dissecting Marilyn Manson author Gavin Baddeley performs a cultural autopsy, examining the seminal influences and psychotic sources that have created this fascinating Frankenstein's monster. With its heavily visual approach, the text and pictures form a pathological scrapbook that explore the Manson mythos in an irreverent but deeply authoritative manner. Book jacket."
"9780385729369 As their lives take them in different directions, Lena, Tibby, Carmen, and Bridget discover many more things about themselves and the importance of their relationship with each other."
"9780553585759 With the fall of the Curtain Walls and a devastating attack by vicious winged invaders, the world of Myrial confronts its ultimate challenge as the remnants of the Shadowleague struggle to regroup, find a missing ring (the symbol of Myrial's divine power, and search for a man who possesses the Dragon Seer's knowledge of all tribal memories. Original."
"9780312147679 William Burroughs, the eccentric, brilliant artist who burned a bridge with logic and wrote the classic ""Naked Lunch"", continues to fascinate readers. Now the artist's long-time friend, writer Victor Bockris, records for all objective time the choice private and public, hallucinatory and prescient, utterances of Burroughs and his famous circle. 60 photos."
9780451210852 Roland is drawn through a gateway of time and space into the drug-and-crime-ridden world of the twentieth-century to battle a dark power determined to prevent his search for the Dark Tower.
"9780141019994 Stupid White Men tells you everything you need to know about how the great and the good screw us over. It reveals - among other things - how 'President' Bush stole an election aided only by his brother, cousin, his dad's cronies, electoral fraud and tame judges; how the rich stay rich while forcing the rest of us to live in economic fear; and how politicians have whored themselves to big business. Not to mention providing fascinating details on just how stupid Bush is, a convincing case for male obsolescence and a fabulous new use for Whites Only signs! A hilarious must-read for anyone who wants to know what the con is and how 'they' get away with it, Stupid White Men is only available uncensored because public pressure forced the original publishers to publish a book they felt was too hot to handle. Now it's time to find out why. It's so damn funny it'll make you cry."
"9780393327069 When a young American woman goes missing in 1980 Tokyo's sexual underworld, a young U.S. Embassy official considers his prospects for finding her and enlists the help of a neurotic and unpopular Japanese police officer. Reader's Guide included. Reprint. 13,000 first printing."
"9781400032815 Working as a hotel maid despite her dreams of being an artist, Misty keeps a diary as she sits by the side of her husband, comatose after a suicide attempt, which unlocks Misty's creative energies and causes her to paint compulsively."
"9780765316929 In 1950s Oakland, California, Stuart Hadley, a young radio electronics salesman, puts his perfect life at risk as his growing anger, anxiety, and fear results in a quest to fill the void with drinking, sex, and religious fanaticism."
"9780451406286 Five yuletide romances about divine intervention include Mary Balogh's ""Guarded by Angels,"" Marilyn Campbell's ""The Trouble With Angelina,"" Carole Nelson Douglas's ""Catch a Falling Angel,"" Emma Merritt's ""Brush of Angel Wings,"" and Patricia Rice's ""Tin Angel."" Original."
"9781593076191 As the Empire withers away and the New Republic grows, one team of ace starfighters takes on the most critical missions to ensure freedom in a galaxy long oppressedRogue Squadron! Collecting XWing Rogue Squadron #920, this mammoth volume includes Battleground Tatooine, The Warrior Princess, and Requiem for a Rogue. Whether it's keeping a massive weapons cache out of the hands of Jabba the Hutt's wouldbe successors, brokering peace on a planet wracked by civil war, or rescuing a downed cruiser from the jaws of an ancient evil, no task is too treacherous for the heroes of Rogue Squadron! • This giant, affordable volume is the perfect opportunity to catch up on some of the most popular stories in the Star Wars Universe!"
"9780312424084 From the Pulitzer Prize-winning author of ""The Hours"" comes the masterful story of a unique family that is formed when Jonathan moves to New York to live with boyhood friend Bobby and Clare, a veteran of the city's erotic wars. Soon to be a motion picture starring Colin Farrell, Sissy Spacek, and Robin Wright Penn."
"9780060916817 The legends say something happened in Chaneysville. The Chaneysville Incident is the powerful story of one man's obsession with discovering what that something was--a quest that takes the brilliant and bitter young black historian John Washington back through the secrets and buried evil of his heritage. Returning home to care for and then bury his father's closest friend and his own guardian, Old Jack Crawley, he comes upon the scant records of his family's proud and tragic history, which he drives himself to reconstruct and accept. This is the story of John's relationship with his family, the town, and the woman he loves; and also between the past and the present, between oppression and guilt, hate and violence, love and acceptance."
"9780743449670 A mysterious plague in the Antarctic.A diamond empire run by an evil genius.A devastating new technology that threatens to annihilate millions. Tasman Sea, 1856. A British clipper ship bound for Australia's penal colony is crushed in a raging typhoon. A few pitiful survivors wash up on a deserted island. Among them are Betsy Fletcher and Jess Dorsett, who discover an immense supply of exquisite diamonds... Seymour Island, Antarctica, 2000. Dirk Pitt rescues Maeve Fletcher, a descendant of Betsy and Jess, after an unknouwn cataclysm kills thousands of marine animals and nearly two hundred people aboard a cruise ship. Pitt traces the carnage to the global diamond operations of Maeve's father, Arthur Dorsett, and her callous sisters. From a chilling escape at a high-security Canadian mine to a tiny boat adrift on lonely, shark-infested seas, the ingenious Pitt is racing to thwart Dorsett's ruthless plans - before an unthinkable disaster claims millions of innocent lives."
"9780743272490 A fictional portrait of Henry VIII's first wife, Katherine of Aragon, follows her through her youthful marriage to Henry's older brother, Arthur, her widowhood, her marriage to Henry, and the divorce that led to Henry's marriage to Anne Boleyn."
"9781740597623 Complemented by easy-to use, reliable maps, helpful recommendations, authoritative background information, and up-to-date coverage of things to see and do, these popular travel guides cover in detail countries, regions, and cities around the world for travelers of every budget, along with extensive itineraries, maps with cross-referencing to the text, ""Top 10"" and ""Top 5"" lists, and other practical features."
"9781400083114 The author returns to his hometown of Oxford, North Carolina, to make sense of the thirty-year-old murder of a black man by a Klansman, and the Klansman's subsequent acquittal by an all-white jury."
"9780312948962 Chasing Kenny Mancuso, who had fled after inadvertently shooting his best friend, New Jersey bounty hunter Stephanie Plum becomes involved in an all-out manhunt for gunrunners and illegal weapons and is pursued by vice cop Joe Morelli. Reprint."
"9780786927005 Edited by bestselling authors and frequent collaborators Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman, this collection contains some of the most well-known and popular stories published in Dragonlance anthologies over the past 15 years."
"9781568821801 It is the City that Never Sleeps. During the day ships, barges, tugs, and pleasure boats ply New York's bay and rivers, dashing beneath bridges and disgorging thousands of people upon the city's shores. Each brings hope and dreams of a new life. At night the city blazes with myriad lights, diamonds dazzling in buildings that scrape the sky. Music, food, dance, dark rituals, and clandestine cults flourish beneath the mantle of New York City."
"9780679725404 The Nigerian playwright, poet, and novelist recounts his first eleven years growing up under the influence of his parents, traditional Yoruba customs, and Christian missionaries"
"9780571215164 WINNER OF THE MAN BOOKER PRIZE 2003 WINNER OF THE 2003 WHITBREAD FIRST NOVEL PRIZE Named as one of the 100 Best Things in the World by GQ magazine in 2003, the riotous adventures of Vernon Gregory Little in small town Texas and beachfront Mexico mark one of the most spectacular, irreverent and bizarre debuts of the twenty-first century so far. Its depiction of innocence and simple humanity (all seasoned with a dash of dysfunctional profanity) in an evil world is never less than astonishing. The only novel to be set in the barbecue sauce capital of Central Texas, Vernon God Little suggests that desperate times throw up the most unlikely of heroes. 'A showpiece of superb comic writing . . . Out of the detritus of a morally bankrupt society, Pierre has fashioned a work of comic art.' Sunday Telegraph 'In a just world, this ridiculously funny first novel would come free with every television set . . . Not since reading John Kennedy O'Toole's masterpiece, A Confederacy of Dunces . . . have I laughed so much or felt such sheer delight at the discovery of a wholly fresh comic voice . . . this novel reads like a modern day fairytale.' Mail on Sunday"
"9780679737315 Records Lincoln's campaigns for public office, the evolution of his stand against slavery, his debates with Stephen Douglas, and the great addresses of his presidency"
"9780143035831 Explores the threats to democracy that exist both in the United States and in the Middle East, discussing the corruption that plagues our own democracy, the failure to foster peace in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, and other crises."
9781590526873 Is it coincidence that Karen Webb disappears just one day before Indian artifacts are stolen? Security consultant Desiree Jacobs and her FBI agent boyfriend scramble to connect the dots - and save Karen's life.
"9780674268586 Toward the goal of reorienting ethics away from rigid systems and toward the individual, a noted philosopher criticizes systematic moral theory from Kant on and elucidates a provocative alternate view"
9780141000589 This major new complete edition of Shakespeare's works combines accessibility with the latest scholarship. Each play and collection of poems is preceded by a substantial introduction that looks at textual and literary-historical issues. The texts themselves have been scrupulously edited and are accompanied by same-page notes and glossaries. Particular attention has been paid to the design of the book to ensure that this first new edition of the twenty-first century is both attractive and approachable.
"9780393924954 Available in both one-volume and two-volume paperback editions, A History of Modern Europe presents a panoramic survey of modern Europe from the Renaissance to the present day. A seasoned teacher and talented historian, Professor John Merriman offers a carefully crafted narrative that guides students through a vast amount of complex material, integrating the many aspects of the European experience into a larger, interconnected whole. A full ten percent shorter than its predecessor, the Second Edition has tightened organization throughout to make room for recent research and descriptions of the current issues and events that define Europe's role in the world today."
"9780312339012 Shares the personal behind-the-scenes stories of famous mountaineers to reveal the events that compelled them to risk their lives and personal relationships, in a collection of portraits that includes coverage of such adventurers as Jim Wickwire, Conrad Anker, and Lynn Hill. Reprint. 15,000 first printing."
"9780439178822 Abby enjoys writing the advice column for the fifth-grade newspaper until people become upset with some of her answers, but then the opportunity comes along to use her writing skills to help a friend."
"9780486431840 Prejudice, the intricacies of Mediterranean politics, and Machiavellian strategy abound in this masterpiece of Elizabethan theater, in which the main character schemes to cling to his wealth, his status, and his daughter."
"9780755323012 When a body is found lying in the middle of the road, many in the little haven of Dartmouth assume that a drunk had fallen and killed himself. At the same time, the town is on alert because a ship, the St. John, has been found ravaged by pirates out at sea, the crew killed or captured. Is this the beginning of a new onslaught by pirates, or is something more sinister happening? Sir Baldwin de Furnshill has been told by Bishop Stapledon of spies and messengers being sent to the great traitor Roger Mortimer in France. If the messengers reach Mortimer, civil war in England will soon break out. Bailiff Simon Puttock and Baldwin must uncover the truth about the deaths and they must be quick. Powerful and ruthless men in the kingdom will not tolerate their failure. This is the most important investigation of their lives: it could result in their own execution if they fail to learn the facts. But if they succeed, other men will want them silenced forever."
9780873515122 Fitzgerald's sensitivity about wealth and position--later made evident in such classics as The Great Gatsby and Tender is the Night--was bred of his St. Paul family and associations.
"9780679742586 During her family's annual car trip from Chicago to Mexico City, Lala Reyes listens to stories about her family, including her grandmother, the descendant of famous shawl makers, one of which has come into Lala's possession."
"9780743262170 An Oprah Book Club selection, Cry, the Beloved Country, the most famous and important novel in South Africa’s history, was an immediate worldwide bestseller in 1948. Alan Paton’s impassioned novel about a black man’s country under white man’s law is a work of searing beauty. Cry, the beloved country, for the unborn child that is the inheritor of our fear. Let him not love the earth too deeply. Let him not laugh too gladly when the water runs through his fingers, nor stand too silent when the setting sun makes red the veld with fire. Let him not be too moved when the birds of his land are singing, nor give too much of his heart to a mountain or valley. For fear will rob him of all if he gives too much. The eminent literary critic Lewis Gannett wrote, “We have had many novels from statesmen and reformers, almost all bad; many novels from poets, almost all thin. In Alan Paton’s Cry, the Beloved Country the statesman, the poet and the novelist meet in a unique harmony.” Cry, the Beloved Country is the deeply moving story of the Zulu pastor Stephen Kumalo and his son, Absalom, set against the background of a land and a people riven by racial injustice. Remarkable for its lyricism, unforgettable for character and incident, Cry, the Beloved Country is a classic work of love and hope, courage and endurance, born of the dignity of man."
"9780553579758 Christopher Snow, a young man whose genetic disorder has made him dangerously vulnerable to light, witnesses a series of disturbing after-dark incidents that involve him in a violent mystery only he can solve. Reissue."
9780440362050 A small boy finds excitement and promise in the daily life of his California valley during the early years of the twentieth century in this collection of short stories
"9780586210680 Everyone knew that there was no escape from the slave galleys of the Murghai: once chained to an oar the only release is death. But Korendir refuses to recognize impossibilities and aided by his rowing companion, Haldeth, he leads a desperate but successful revolt."
"9780805242164 A definitive portrait of the iconoclastic poet and activist whose words are are set on the Statue of Liberty follows the complex life and times of Emma Lazarus, from her early literary success, to her roles as a feminist, Zionist, and renowned Jewish-American writer, based on previously undiscovered personal correspondence. 20,000 first printing."
"9780593043165 Stephen Hawking's A Brief History of Time has become an international publishing phenomenon. Translated into thirty languages, it has sold over nine million copies worldwide and lives on as a science book that continues to captivate and inspire new readers each year. When it was first published in 1988 the ideas discussed in it were at the cutting edge of what was then known about the universe. In the intervening ten years there have been extraordinary advances in the technology of observing both the micro- and macro-cosmic world. Indeed, during that time cosmology and the theoretical sciences have entered a new golden age. Professor Hawking is one of the major scientists and thinkers to have contributed to this renaissance. In this special, fully updated edition, which marks the tenth anniversary of the book's original ground-breaking publication, Professor Hawking has included the most recent developments in the field, many of which were forecast by him. He has also written a new introduction as well as an additional chapter on wormholes and time travel. A Brief History of Time has rightly been hailed as the publishing sensation of the past decade and is surely destined to become one of the greatest classics of science writing."
"9780822011088 The original CliffsNotes study guides offer expert commentary on major themes, plots, characters, literary devices, and historical background. The latest generation of titles in this series also feature glossaries and visual elements that complement the classic, familiar format. A Raisin in the Sun debuted in the spring of 1959 and has since been translated into more than 30 languages. It is the story of a poor black family struggling to become part of the middle class. Family hardships test the faith of all involved and the result is unexpected and filled with heartbreak. CliffsNotes on A Raisin in the Sun helps you explore this play by providing you with summaries and commentaries, chapter by chapter. You’ll also gain insight into the author Lorraine Vivian Hansberry. Other features that help you study include A list of characters and their descriptions A genealogy chart to illustrate the relationships between the characters Glossaries to help you fully understand the novel Critical essays on thematic structure, language and style, and more Suggested essay topics and related research projects for more study Classic literature or modern modern-day treasure — you'll understand it all with expert information and insight from CliffsNotes study guides."
"9780743284790 The book that revealed Iran to the West, now with a new Afterword. Elaine Sciolino updates Persian Mirrors to include coverage of the 2005 presidential election in Iran. As a correspondent for Newsweek and The New York Times, Sciolino has had more experience covering revolutionary Iran than any other American reporter. She was aboard the airplane that took Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini to Tehran in 1979 and was there for the revolution, the hostage crisis, the Iran-Iraq war, the rise of President Khatami, the riots of 1999, and the crisis over Iran's nuclear program. In Persian Mirrors, Sciolino takes us into the public and private spaces of Iran, uncovering an alluring and seductive nation where a great battle is raging -- not for control over territory, but for the soul of its people."
"9780064405959 When seven Siberian snow spiders, frozen during the Ice Age, defrost and escape en route to Harvard for analysis, they wreak havoc on a small New England town, disrupting the school Halloween pageant with hilarious results. An ALA Notable Children's Book. Reissue."
"9781401302467 The legendary comedian shares a collection of anecdotes from throughout his life and entertainment career, as well as hilarious observations on life, television, golf, family holidays, drinking, his beginnings as an accountant, and other topics."
"9780446300001 Las Vegas security officer Nick Escalante, an ex-Marine, chances on to a bizarre kidnapping threat and is plunged into a nightmare world of false identities, vicious grievances, and gruesome encounters"
9780486281223 This vivid facsimile of Blake's romantic and revolutionary publication offers a concise expression of his essential wisdom and philosophy. His distinctive hand-lettered text is accompanied by 27 color plates of his stirring illustrations.
"9781860499296 Switch off those TVs, kill your mobiles and settle down with the most controversial book ever written. Once denounced as 'wicked', 'sordid', 'cheap' 'moral filth', PEYTON PLACE was the top read of its time and sold millions of copies worldwide. Way before TWIN PEAKS, SURVIVOR or BIG BROTHER, the curtains were twitching in the mythical New England town of Peyton Place, and this soapy story exposed the dirty secrets of 1950s small-town America: incest, abortion, adultery, repression and lust. Take a peek ..."
"9781857988376 Mars is a desolate world. Largely forgotten by Earth, the planet remains helpless in the stranglehold of Arnie Kott, who as boss of the plumber's union has a monopoly over the vital water supply. Arnie Kott is obsessed by the past; the native Bleekmen, poverty-stricken wanderers, can see into the future; while to Manfred, an autistic boy, time apparently stops. When one of the colonists, Norbert Steiner, commits suicide, the repercussions are startling and bizarre."
"9780465056743 What are human beings like? How is knowledge possible? What is truth? Where do moral values come from? Questions like these have stood at the center of Western philosophy for centuries. In addressing them, philosophers have made certain fundamental assumptions-that we can know our own minds by introspection, that most of our thinking about the world is literal, and that reason is disembodied and universal-that are now called into question by well-established results of cognitive science. It has been shown empirically that:Most thought is unconscious. We have no direct conscious access to the mechanisms of thought and language. Our ideas go by too quickly and at too deep a level for us to observe them in any simple way.Abstract concepts are mostly metaphorical. Much of the subject matter of philosopy, such as the nature of time, morality, causation, the mind, and the self, relies heavily on basic metaphors derived from bodily experience. What is literal in our reasoning about such concepts is minimal and conceptually impoverished. All the richness comes from metaphor. For instance, we have two mutually incompatible metaphors for time, both of which represent it as movement through space: in one it is a flow past us and in the other a spatial dimension we move along.Mind is embodied. Thought requires a body-not in the trivial sense that you need a physical brain to think with, but in the profound sense that the very structure of our thoughts comes from the nature of the body. Nearly all of our unconscious metaphors are based on common bodily experiences.Most of the central themes of the Western philosophical tradition are called into question by these findings. The Cartesian person, with a mind wholly separate from the body, does not exist. The Kantian person, capable of moral action according to the dictates of a universal reason, does not exist. The phenomenological person, capable of knowing his or her mind entirely through introspection alone, does not exist. The utilitarian person, the Chomskian person, the poststructuralist person, the computational person, and the person defined by analytic philosopy all do not exist.Then what does?Lakoff and Johnson show that a philosopy responsible to the science of mind offers radically new and detailed understandings of what a person is. After first describing the philosophical stance that must follow from taking cognitive science seriously, they re-examine the basic concepts of the mind, time, causation, morality, and the self: then they rethink a host of philosophical traditions, from the classical Greeks through Kantian morality through modern analytic philosopy. They reveal the metaphorical structure underlying each mode of thought and show how the metaphysics of each theory flows from its metaphors. Finally, they take on two major issues of twentieth-century philosopy: how we conceive rationality, and how we conceive language."
"9780060839789 The Professor and the Madman, masterfully researched and eloquently written, is an extraordinary tale of madness, genius, and the incredible obsessions of two remarkable men that led to the making of the Oxford English Dictionary -- and literary history. The compilation of the OED began in 1857, it was one of the most ambitious projects ever undertaken. As definitions were collected, the overseeing committee, led by Professor James Murray, discovered that one man, Dr. W. C. Minor, had submitted more than ten thousand. When the committee insisted on honoring him, a shocking truth came to light: Dr. Minor, an American Civil War veteran, was also an inmate at an asylum for the criminally insane. This P.S. edition features an extra 16 pages of insights into the book, including author interviews, recommended reading, and more."
"9780750666008 Recently vilified as the prime dynamic driving home the breach between poor and rich nations, here the branding process is rehabilitated as a potential saviour of the economically underprivileged. Brand New Justice, now in a revised paperback edition, systematically analyses the success stories of the Top Thirteen nations, demonstrating that their wealth is based on the 'last mile' of the commercial process: buying raw materials and manufacturing cheaply in third world countries, these countries realise their lucrative profits by adding value through finishing, packaging and marketing and then selling the branded product on to the end-user at a hugely inflated price. The use of sophisticated global media techniques alongside a range of creative marketing activities are the lynchpins of this process. Applying his observations on economic history and the development and impact of global marketing, Anholt presents a cogent plan for developing nations to benefit from globalization. So long the helpless victim of capitalist trading systems, he shows that they can cross the divide and graduate from supplier nation to producer nation. Branding native produce on a global scale, making a commercial virtue out of perceived authenticity and otherness and fully capitalising on the 'last mile' benefits are key to this graduation and fundamental to forging a new global economic balance. Anholt argues with a forceful logic, but also backs his hypothesis with enticing glimpses of this process actually beginning to take place. Examining activities in India, Thailand, Russia and Africa among others, he shows the risks, challenges and pressures inherent in 'turning the tide', but above all he demonstrates the very real possibility of enlightened capitalism working as a force for good in global terms. * Controversial and thought-provoking analysis of issues that are central to 21st century economic thought; radical new thinking on wealth-creation in the developing world. * Unites world-class branding and marketing knowledge with an emerging-market development agenda. * Concrete answers to the problems of anti-capitalism, medium level poverty and the brand backlash; a way for the marketing and advertising industries to regain respect and a more positive reputation"
"9780061053665 When Jessica marries David, he is everything she wants in a family man: brilliant, attentive, ever youthful. Yet she still feels something about him is just out of reach. Soon, as people close to Jessica begin to meet violent, mysterious deaths, David makes an unimaginable confession: More than 400 years ago, he and other members of an Ethiopian sect traded their humanity so they would never die, a secret he must protect at any cost. Now, his immortal brethren have decided David must return and leave his family in Miami. Instead, David vows to invoke a forbidden ritual to keep Jessica and his daughter with him forever. Harrowing, engrossing and skillfully rendered, My Soul to Keep traps Jessica between the desperation of immortals who want to rob her of her life and a husband who wants to rob her of her soul. With deft plotting and an unforgettable climax, this tour de force reminiscent of early Anne Rice will win Due a new legion of fans."
"9780822000235 This popular play entertains and inspires in alternating comic scenes and serious ones and is the birthplace of one of the theater's greatest characters, Sir John Falstaff. Young Prince Hal rebels against his father the king until he must go to the king's aid to stamp out the rebellion of nobles."
"9780679643241 In an effort to draw out the Union Army of the Potomac, the Confederate Army invades the North, and the armies clash in a bloody battle at Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, for four days."
"9780099173311 Winner of the Nobel Prize for Physics in 1965, Richard Feynman was one of the world's greatest theoretical physicists, but he was also a man who fell, often jumped, into adventure. An artist, safecracker, practical joker and storyteller, Feynman's life was a series of combustible combinations made possible by his unique mixture of high intelligence, unquenchable curiosity and eternal scepticism. Over a period of years, Feynman's conversations with his friend Ralph Leighton were first taped and then set down as they appear here, little changed from their spoken form, giving a wise, funny, passionate and totally honest self-portrait of one of the greatest men of our age."
"9780553817072 The Surgeon has been locked up for a year but his chilling legacy still haunts the city, and especially Boston homicide detective Jane Rizzoli. But now a new killer is at work and Rizzoli senses something horrifyingly familiar about this murderer's modus operandi. It's when the FBI starts taking an interest in the investigation that Rizzoli begins to wonder just what makes this case so different, so dangerous that the Feds feel the need to get involved. But then the unthinkable happens: the Surgeon escapes. And suddenly there are two brilliant, twisted killers on the loose - master and apprentice, united in their hunt for the most challenging prey of all: the very woman who is hunting them."
"9780762408283 This carry-along version of our enormously popular Zen Gardening Kit provides a touch of tranquility on the go. Packaged with a 32page introduction to the aesthetic enlightenment of Zen gardening, it includes a tray, fine sand, decorative rocks, and miniature wooden rake."
"9780060009427 What does it mean when a fictional hero takes a journey?. Shares a meal? Gets drenched in a sudden rain shower? Often, there is much more going on in a novel or poem than is readily visible on the surface—a symbol, maybe, that remains elusive, or an unexpected twist on a character—and there's that sneaking suspicion that the deeper meaning of a literary text keeps escaping you. In this practical and amusing guide to literature, Thomas C. Foster shows how easy and gratifying it is to unlock those hidden truths, and to discover a world where a road leads to a quest; a shared meal may signify a communion; and rain, whether cleansing or destructive, is never just rain. Ranging from major themes to literary models, narrative devices, and form, How to Read Literature Like a Professor is the perfect companion for making your reading experience more enriching, satisfying, and fun."
"9780764585685 In the CliffsComplete guides, the novel's complete text and a glossary appear side-by-side with coordinating numbered lines to help you understand unusual words and phrasing. You'll also find all the commentary and resources of a standard CliffsNotes for Literature. CliffsComplete Hamlet covers details of the most widely produced and critiqued Shakespearean play. Written in poignant language, Hamlet contains all the elements necessary for a good tragedy, including a brave and daring hero who suffers a fatal flaw. Discover what happens to the complicated cast of characters — and save valuable studying time — all at once. Enhance your reading of Hamlet with these additional features: A summary and insightful commentary for each chapter Bibliography and historical background on the author, William Shakespeare A look at Early Modern England historical, intellectual, religious, and social context Insight into the play's classical elements and language A character map that graphically illustrates the relationships among the characters Review questions, a quiz, discussion guide, and activity ideas A Resource Center full of books, articles, films, and Web sites Streamline your literature study with all-in-one help from CliffsComplete guides!"
"9780743222051 Combining the classic ingredients of a murder mystery with elements of horror, apparitions and hairbreadth episodes, ""The Skull Beneath The Skin"" creates a dark and claustrophobic atmosphere in a masterpiece of crime fiction. When leading actress Clarissa Lisle receives threats to her life the young detective, Cordelia Gray, is hired to accompany her to a private island where she is going to star in ""The Duchess Of Malfi."" In this gripping dramatization, the sharp-witted slueth, played by Greta Scaachi, finds herself in the enclosed setting of a chilling country house on an island with a blood-stained history."
"9780006514855 'Girls' Night In' features stories about growing up, growing out of, moving out, moving on, falling apart and getting it all together. So turn off your cell phone and curl up on the couch: this is one 'Girls' Night In' you won't want to miss."
"9780446698221 The ""gonzo"" political journalist presents his frankly subjective observations on the personalities and political machinations of the 1972 presidential campaign, in a new edition of the classic account of the dark side of American politics. Reprint."
"9780060598891 Her tall, dark, and deliciously dangerous boss . . . When the delightful, daffy Dog Lady of station WZZZ offered to take on the temporary job of traffic reporter, Steve Crow tried to think of reasons to turn Daisy Adams down. Perhaps he knew that sharing the close quarters of a car with her for hours would give the handsome program director no room to resist her quirky charms. He'd always favored low-slung sportscars and high-heeled women, but that was before he fell for a free spirit who caught crooks by accident, loved old people and pets, and had just too many jobs! Loving Daisy turned Steve's life upside down, especially once he adopted Bob, a huge dog masquerading as a couch potato. But was Daisy finally ready to play for keeps?"
9780521437738 This book explores examples of this process of invention and addresses the complex interaction of past and present in a fascinating study of ritual and symbolism.
"9780440221661 The time is 1771 and the colony of North Carolina teeters on an uneasy edge. Jamie Fraser is a man of worth but he has a lot to lose. His wife, Claire, is known notoriously as a wisewoman or a witch. They both know they have to survive"
"9781400030064 All kinds of problems erupt when a repairman discovers that a hole in a faulty Jifi-scuttler leads to a parallel world, with Jim Briskin, campaigning to be America's first black president, determined to use the new world as a solution to Earth's overpopulation problem, and billionaire mutant George Walt hoping to seize control of it, but the other Earth turns out to be inhabited. Reprint. 10,000 first printing."
"9780237525378 This wonderful series is a quick way into a range of exciting stories, from the chilling tale of Frankenstein, to the gripping adventure of Treasure Island and the powerful animal story of Call of the Wild. Fast-moving and accessible, each story is a shortened, dramatically illustrated version of the classic novel, which loses none of the strength and flavour of the original."
"9780743495929 Originally published in 1988, GETTING THE LOVE YOU WANT has helped thousands of couples attain more loving, supportive and deeply satisfying relationships. In this groundbreaking book, Dr Harville Hendrix shares with you what he has learned about the psychology of love during more than thirty years of working as a therapist and helps you transform your relationship into a lasting source of love and companionship. For this edition of his classic book, Dr Hendrix and his wife, Helen LaKelly Hunt, have added a new introduction describing the powerful influence this book has had on so many people over the years. With its step-by-step programme, GETTING THE LOVE YOU WANT will help you create a loving, supportive and revitalized partnership."
"9780345485281 Sakura, the princess of Clow, has a strange power that could change the world, and lives in an alternate-reality world with her childhood friend Syaoran, with whom she begins a series of journeys to other worlds."
"9780156013031 A moving and eloquent fable from the 1998 winner of the Nobel Prize for Literature offers a unique blend of love and philosophy as a man petitions a boat from the king, finds a crew to volunteer, and sets sail. Reprint. 25,000 first printing."
"9780552148108 A magnificent epic set against a history of seven thousand years of the struggles of Gods and Kings and men - of strange lands and events - of fate and a prophecy that must be fulfilled! THE BELGARIAD It had all begun with the theft of the Orb that had so long protected the West from the evil God Torak. Before that, Garion had been a simple farm boy. Afterward, he discovered that his aunt was really the Sorceress Polgara and his grandfather was Belgarath, the Eternal Man. Then, on the long quest to recover the Orb, Garion found to his dismay that he, too, was a sorcerer. Now, at last, the Orb was regained and the quest was nearing its end. Of course, the questors still had to escape from this crumbling enemy fortress and flee across a desert filled with Murgo soldiers searching for them, while Grolim Hierarchs strove to destroy them with dark magic. Then, somehow, they must manage to be in Riva with the Orb by Erastide. After that, however, Garion was sure that his part in these great events would be finished. But the Prophecy still held future surprises for Garion - and for the little Princess Ce'Nedra! THUS CONTINUES BOOK FOUR OF THE BELGARIAD"
"9780195135923 The story of the house of Atreus is a tale of incest, adultery, human sacrifice, cannibalism, and political intrigue. It is also a story in which human action is simultaneously willed and determined.""."
"9781416500391 Each volume in a collection of affordable, readable editions of some of the world's greatest works of literature features a chronology of the author's life and career, a concise introduction containing valuable background information, a timeline of significant events, an outline of key plot points and themes, detailed explanatory notes, critical analyses, discussion questions, and a list of recommended books and films."
"9780553382617 In the fifth volume of the best-selling Earth's Children series, which began with The Clan of the Cave Bear, Ayla and Jondalar continue their epic journey across Ice Age Europe to join Jondalar's people, the Zelandonii, confronting new hardships and perilous challenges along the way. Reprint."
"9781590171240 In post-World War II London, two street-tough children attempt to build a hidden garden, an act that awakens hidden courage in the children and profoundly disrupts the neighborhood."
"9781585425006 Struggling with another divorce, single parenthood, and a string of unlikely suitors, Isadora Wing shares a passionate relationship with a handsome and privileged younger man, Berkeley Sproul III, and wonders about the sincerity of both of their intentions. Reprint. 15,000 first printing."
"9780765304094 Expectant mother Surprise Golem loses her brand-new baby when the stork assigned to deliver the child refuses to surrender it and escapes with the baby through a hole in the fabric of reality, and leads an ill-assorted group of companions on a desperate quest through dozens of different Xanths to find her missing child. 30,000 first printing."
"9780312874568 A first-time compilation of a classic science fiction series gathers all four books of The Dying Earth series--The Dying Earth, The Eyes of the Overworld, Cugel's Saga, and Rialto the Magnificent--in which Earth, in the distant future, tries to survive the approaching death of its red sun. Reprint. 12,500 first printing."
"9780007179817 At computer giant Microsoft, Dan, Susan, Abe, Todd and Bug are struggling to get a life. The job may be super cool, the pay may be astronomical, but they're heading nowhere, and however hard they work, however many shares they earn, they're never going to be as rich as Bill. And besides, with all the hours they're putting in, their best relationships are on e-mail. Something's got to give."
"9780142004203 Graham Greene was one of the most guarded and complex literary figures of our time. In the first volume of Norman Sherry's celebrated biography, Greene's early life is explored through letters, diaries, and hundreds of interviews, including a breakdown in his early teens, his years at Oxford, and, most particularly, his long and tortuous courtship of his future wife. Sherry uncovers the origins of Greene's literary preoccupations, as well as reasons for his conversion to Roman Catholicism. Greene's development as a novelist, from the early success of The Man Within to his masterpiece, The Power and the Glory, is also explored in full, as Sherry literally follows Greene's footsteps to West Africa and Mexico, penetrating the strange and emotional territory that Greene made into his own."
"9780767908184 The author of A Walk in the Woods traces the Big Bang through the rise of civilization, documenting his work with a host of the world's most advanced scientists and mathematicians to explain why things are the way they are. Reprint. 125,000 first printing."
"9781890447427 The author of Some Hope returns with a story of complex family relationships, offering a trenchant novelistic analysis of marriage, adultery, parenthood, and assisted suicide."
"9780142003800 The members of the Drop City commune clash with Alaskan homesteaders who live near to where the commune has recently moved, as both groups struggle for love, nourishment, and shelter. By the author of A Friend of the Earth. Reprint. 150,000 first printing."
"9781557046765 Discusses the movie made from the cult science fiction novel and provides still photographs, production design sketches, costume designs, and commentaries by the cast and crew."
"9780060736255 Fifteen years ago Francesca Lia Block made a dazzling entrance into the literary scene with what would become one of the most talked-about books of the decade: Weetzie Bat. This poetic roller coaster swoop has a sleek new design to match its new sister and brother books, Goat Girls and Beautiful Boys. Rediscover the magic of Weetzie Bat, Ms. Blocks sophisticated, slinkster-cool love song to L.A.the book that shattered the standard, captivated readers of all generations, and made Francesca Lia Block one of the most heralded authors of the last decade."
"9780440229315 Annie Lockwood, a teenager in 1999, tries to travel back in time to join her lost love Strat in Egypt in 1899, but instead she ends up in ancient Egypt and in great danger. Reprint."
"9780812216714 ""A boon for classicists and general readers alike. For the reader who comes to tragedy for the first time, these translations are eminently 'accessible,' and consummately American in tone and feeling. For the classicist, these versions constitute an ambitious reinterpretation of traditional masterpieces; after 2,500 years, the poetry of Euripides and Aeschylus has found a new voice—in fact, ten of them.""—The Boston Book Review"
"9780152050863 In 1520, thirteen-year-old Anne Boleyn, jealous of her older sister's beauty and position at court, declares that she will one day be queen of England, and that her sister will kneel at her feet."
"9780061177590 Tells the story of an ugly middle-aged man who has gone unloved for too long, but a change comes over him at the age of fifty as he begins more and more relationships with women, in a compelling study of life lived on the edge. Reprint. 15,000 first printing."
"9780785121480 This deluxe hardcover collects Ultimate Spider-Man Vol. 13: Hobgoblin and Ultimate Spider-Man Vol. 14: Warriors, plus extras. In Hobgoblin, it's the terrifying debut of the Ultimate Hobgoblin as Harry Osborn returns to Midtown High harboring a dark secret that will affect the lives of all those around him - especially his best friend, Peter Parker. And where does Harry's father - Norman Osborn, a.k.a. the Green Goblin - fit into all this? And in Warriors, the Gang War to end all Gang Wars begins! The Kingpin is in retreat, and that kind of a power vacuum won't last long. It's about to be filled by a figure of unabashed dread in the underworld: Hammerhead! Plus: the Ultimate debuts of several Marvel characters, including Moon Knight! And Spidey thinks he's had trouble before... but nothing has ever made him declare, ""Peter Parker no more!"" Collects Ultimate Spider-Man #72-85."
"9781891190230 Poetry. African American Studies. Ed Roberson might no longer live in Pittsburgh, but the city in which he was born and raised still leaves its fragmented structures etched throughout his poetry. A city of hard work and hard times, the now-impoverished neighborhoods that had at one time stood as centers of jazz and art; the hills, the rivers, the skyscraping iron and steel, and the pain. Though most of the poems in this collection do not necessarily take place in Pittsburgh, there is a rhythmic fragmentation here painting portraits of urban life in general. Beauty, music, poverty, blood, and concrete seem to live within the line breaks, while breath-stopping pauses halt you just long enough so that--like at a smoky backroom jazz club--you can't wait to see what he does next."
"9780451528209 An ordinary woman's unfulfilled dreams of romantic love lead her to a series of desperate acts, including adultery, in a classic novel set against the backdrop of nineteenth-century bourgeois France. Reissue."
"9780671519988 For nearly a century, the words and works of Dale Carnegie & Associates, Inc., have translated into proven success—a claim verified by millions of satisfied graduates; a perpetual 3,000-plus enrollment roster per week; and book sales, including the mega-bestseller How to Win Friends and Influence People, totaling over thirty million copies. Now, in The Leader In You, coauthors Stuart R. Levine and Michael A. Crom apply the famed organization’s time-tested human relations principles to demonstrate how anyone, regardless of his or her job, can harness creativity and enthusiasm to work more productively. With insights from leading figures in the corporate, entertainment, sports, academic, and political arenas—and encompassing interviews and advice from such eminent authorities as Lee Iacocca and Margaret Thatcher—this comprehensive, step-by-step guide includes strategies to help you: identify your leadership strengths; achieve your goals and increase your self-confidence; eliminate an “us vs. them” mentality; become a team player and strengthen cooperation among associates; balance work and leisure; control your worries and energize your life; and much more! The most important investment you will ever make is in yourself—once you discover the key that unlocks The Leader In You."
"9781577312055 A renowned psychic argues that being psychic is a gift of the spirit we all have, and dispels the fears many people carry about psychics, answering such questions as ""Can I be Christian and a psychic?"" and ""Is there any danger in opening yourself up to psychic information?"" Original."
"9780156002080 George Paxton was an ordinary man until something extraordinary happened--nuclear holocaust. Now George Paxton is about to discover what happens after the end of the world. ""Astute, highly engaging, and finally moving"".--Los Angeles Times."
"9780152045739 A little lighthouse on the Hudson River regains its pride when it finds out that it is still useful and has an important job to do, in a tale first published in 1942. Reprint. 30,000 first printing"
"9780060765484 They open a door and enter a world Narnia ... a land frozen in eternal winter ... a country waiting to be set free. Four adventurers step through a wardrobe door and into the land of Narnia -- a land enslaved by the power of the White Witch. But when almost all hope is lost, the return of the Great Lion, Aslan, signals a great change ... and a great sacrifice."
"9780553299496 Called to the Spacer world to solve a case of roboticide, New York City detective Elijah Baley teams up with humanoid robot R. Daneel Olivaw to prove that the prime suspect, a renowned roboticist, is innocent of the crime. Reprint."
"9780451210906 Four curvaceous bombshells find love and romance in a delightful collection that features Donna Hill's Over the Rainbow, in which full-figured restaurateur Jessica Morgan finds the man of her dreams when she poses for a plus-size magazine, as well as other works by Brenda Jackson, Monica Jackson, and Francis Ray. Original."
9780805210538 A drama set in a medieval village where three itinerant Jewish actors put God on trial to answer for his silence during a pogrom considers post-Holocaust issues
"9780140445220 Turgenev’s first major prose work is a series of twenty-five Sketches: the observations and anecdotes of the author during his travels through Russia satisfying his passion for hunting. His album is filled with moving insights into the lives of those he encounters – peasants and landowners, doctors and bailiffs, neglected wives and bereft mothers – each providing a glimpse of love, tragedy, courage and loss, and anticipating Turgenev’s great later works such as First Love and Fathers and Sons. His depiction of the cruelty and arrogance of the ruling classes was considered subversive and led to his arrest and confinement to his estate, but these sketches opened the minds of contemporary readers to the plight of the peasantry and were even said to have led Tsar Alexander II to abolish serfdom."
"9781551669519 A hilarious modern romance follows disillusioned private investigator Mitch Peabody as he finds himself falling head over heels in love with his sexy new employer, Mae Sullivan, who has hired him to find the men who murdered her uncle. Reprint."
"9780802151803 The first novel of Miller's frank, autobiographical trilogy uses dream, fantasy, and burlesque to portray the life of a struggling writer in preWorld War I New York"
"9781421504605 In an alchemical ritual gone wrong, Edward Elric lost his arm and his leg, and his brother Alphonse became nothing but a soul in a suit of armor. Equipped with mechanical ""auto-mail"" limbs, Edward becomes a state alchemist, seeking the one thing that can restore his brother and himself...the legendary Philosopher's Stone."
"9781400062645 Short stories capture the lives of such offbeat characters as a delusional schizophrenic, an egg donor with second thoughts, and a young girl who discovers a portal to another, ghostly world."
"9781576839546 Cline and Fay offer advice to help parents raise kids who are self-confident, motivated, and ready for the world by teaching them responsibility and the logic of life, thereby giving them the opportunity to solve their own problems from the earliest possible age."
"9780060595180 The acclaimed novelist and critic describes his personal experimentation with the little-known drug mescaline and explores the nature of visionary experience, in an omnibus edition containing the two classic works The Doors of Perception and Heaven and Hell. Reissue."
"9780873512695 ""Young Deedee DuGay knew everyone at Fort Snelling in the 1830s ... On an island in the Mississippi, near yet remote, lived Jasper Page, the leading fur trader in the territory ... And although he was far above her in social class, Deedee dared to love him. Their story is a rich and romantic re-creation of an important time in Minnesota history ... A new introduction compares the fictional Jasper Page to Henry H. Sibley, fur trader and first governor of Minnesota, upon whom the character was based""--Back cover."
"9781569709801 When high school students Wataru Fujii and Yuichi Kazuki accidentally switch rings, they find that their rings pair up, and they try to sort out their feelings for each other to decide if they are enemies or soulmates."
"9780141026282 Enkidu is created by the gods to challenge the arrogant King Gilgamesh, but instead of killing each other, the two become friends.JTravelling together to the Cedar Forest, they fight and slay the evil monster Humbaba.JBut when Enkidu is killed, his death haunts and breaks the mighty Gilgamesh, who resolves to find the secret of eternal life."
"9780812532616 As Harmony's Oversoul grows weaker, a great warrior has arisen to challenge its bans. His name is Moozh, and he has won control of an army using forbidden technology. Now he is aiming his soldiers at the city of Basilica, that strong fortress above the Plain. Basilica remains in turmoil. Wetchik and his sons are not strong enough to stop a army. Can Rasa and her allies defeat him through intrigue, or will Moozh take the city and all who are in it?"
"9780719566226 A favorite mystery series of Hillary Clinton (as mentioned in What Happened, The New York Times Book Review, and New York Magazine) A New York Times Notable Book of the Year Agatha Award Winner for Best First Novel Macavity Award Winner for Best First Novel Alex Award Winner Fiercely independent Maisie Dobbs has recently set herself up as a private detective. Such a move may not seem especially startling. But this is 1929, and Maisie is exceptional in many ways. Having started as a maid to the London aristocracy, studied her way to Cambridge and served as a nurse in the Great War, Maisie has wisdom, experience and understanding beyond her years. Little does she realise the extent to which this strength of character is soon to be tested. For her first case forces her to uncover secrets long buried, and to confront ghosts from her own past . . . 'In Maisie Dobbs, Jacqueline Winspear has given us a real gift' Alexander McCall Smith"
9781740597715 Lonely Planet Regional Guides are the essential companion. Includes well-presented information on everything from folklore to reading lists to insider lunch spots. Highlights sections and tailored itineraries make pre-trip planning a breeze.
"9780385721875 The luminous novella and stories in The Age of Grief explore the vicissitudes of love, friendship, and marriage with all the compassion and insight that have come to be expected from Jane Smiley, the Pulitzer Prize—winning author of A Thousand Acres. In “The Pleasure of Her Company,” a lonely, single woman befriends the married couple next door, hoping to learn the secret of their happiness. In “Long Distance,” a man finds himself relieved of the obligation to continue an affair that is no longer compelling to him, only to be waylaid by the guilt he feels at his easy escape. And in the incandescently wise and moving title novella, a dentist, aware that his wife has fallen in love with someone else, must comfort her when she is spurned, while maintaining the secret of his own complicated sorrow. Beautifully written, with a wry intelligence and a lively comic touch, The Age of Grief captures moments of great intimacy with grace, clarity, and indelible emotional power."
"9780755305308 Girl in Hyacinth Blue tells the story of an imaginary painting by Vermeer, and the aspirations and longings of those whose lives it illuminates, and darkens. From a proud father regretting his lost love to a compromised French noblewoman, from a hanged girl to Vermeer's own gifted daughter, Susan Vreeland's beautiful and luminous tales link to form an evocative jewel."
"9780671040840 Struggling to rebuild her life after the disappearance of her husband and the death of her oldest daughter, Jessica discovers that her other daughter inherited her father's immortality and sets out for Africa for guidance."
"9780762419227 Looks at landmark mathematical discoveries over the past 2500 years by such mathematicians as Euclid, Isaac Newton, Pierre Simon de Laplace, Gerog Cantor, and Alan Turing."
"9780895873316 After a week-long family vacation on Topsail Island, McAllister went home and wrote a newspaper column about the place where everyone goes 10 miles per hour under the speed limit. This column brought a deluge of responses from his readers who shared his appreciation for this barrier island off the coast of North Carolina. As if caught in a time warp, Topsail resembles the resorts of decades past. It has the small-town feel of a family beach, a place with few commercial trappings whose devotees return generation after generation. McAllister blends interviews with the people who know the island with stories of early pirates, devastating hurricanes, a 1940s dig in search of a 1630 Spanish galleon's treasure, the U.S. government's secret rocket program, a modern-day sea-turtle preservation project, and a black bear that came to stroll the beach. In this book, McAllister tells the many stories of Topsail with the help of those who love the island best. - Publisher."
"9781857988192 Welcome to the strangest, most distinctive future ever imagined by a science fiction writer. An interstellar empire ruled by the mysterious Lords of the Instrumentality, whose access to the drug stroon from the planet Norstrilia confers on them virtual immortality. A world in which wealthy and leisured humanity is served by the underpeople, genetically engineered animals turned into the semblance of people. A world in which the great ships which sail between the stars are eventually supplanted by the mysterious, instantaneous technique of planoforming. A world of wonder and myth, and extraordinary imagination."
"9780738511672 Protected by the Watchung Mountains on the north and bordered by clean, bubbling brooks, Middlesex Borough has flourished in the past century. Located some thirty miles west of New York City, the borough was known for its brilliant and varied gardens, farms, and greenhouses. Orchids and other blooms grown at Thomas Young Orchids and other local greenhouses were distributed in Boston, Philadelphia, and New York and were said to have been favored by Eleanor Roosevelt. Middlesex Borough explores this town's unique history from its incorporation in 1913 to the mid-1900s with vintage photographs and fascinating text. During the presidency of Woodrow Wilson, residents of the westerly portion of Piscataway Township, at the urging of George Harris, decided to secede from Piscataway and form an independent town. The newly created Middlesex Borough consisted of large farms owned by the Stout, Reidy, Conover, Giles, Guernsey, and Harris families, with clusters of small homes bordering them. The Central Railroad of New Jersey passed through the town, bringing new residents to Middlesex from New York City and fostering the development of small factories and workers' houses in the Lincoln section, the housing developments of Pierce Estates and Dewey Park, and, later, the spacious homes and properties in the Beechwood Heights section of the borough."
"9780765344977 First Paperback, Contains the Hugo and Nebula Award-winning The Ultimate Earth When a giant meteor crashes into the earth and destroys all life, the small group of human survivors manage to leave the barren planet and establish a new home on the moon. From Tycho Base, men and woman are able to observe the devastated planet and wait for a time when return will become possible. Generations pass. Cloned children have had children of their own, and their eyes are raised toward the giant planet in the sky which long ago was the cradle of humanity. Finally, after millennia of waiting, the descendants of the original refugees travel back to a planet they've never known, to try and rebuild a civilization of which they've never been a part. The fate of the earth lies in the success of their return, but after so much time, the question is not whether they can rebuild an old destroyed home, but whether they can learn to inhabit an alien new world--Earth."
"9780226204055 This volume completes the immensely learned three-volume A History of Religious Ideas. Eliade examines the movement of Jewish thought out of ancient Eurasia, the Christian transformation of the Mediterranean area and Europe, and the rise and diffusion of Islam from approximately the sixth through the seventeenth centuries. Eliade's vast knowledge of past and present scholarship provides a synthesis that is unparalleled. In addition to reviewing recent interpretations of the individual traditions, he explores the interactions of the three religions and shows their continuing mutual influence to be subtle but unmistakable. As in his previous work, Eliade pays particular attention to heresies, folk beliefs, and cults of secret wisdom, such as alchemy and sorcery, and continues the discussion, begun in earlier volumes, of pre-Christian shamanistic practices in northern Europe and the syncretistic tradition of Tibetan Buddhism. These subcultures, he maintains, are as important as the better-known orthodoxies to a full understanding of Judaism, Christianity, and Islam."
"9780684813219 An original and groundbreaking book that examines the psychological devastation of war by comparing the soldiers of Homer’s Iliad with Vietnam veterans suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder. In this moving, dazzlingly creative book, Dr. Shay examines the psychological devastation of war by comparing the soldiers of Homer’s Iliad with Vietnam veterans suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder. A classic of war literature that has as much relevance as ever in the wake of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, it is a “transcendent literary adventure” (The New York Times) and “clearly one of the most original and most important scholarly works to have emerged from the Vietnam War” (Tim O’Brien, author of The Things They Carried)."
"9780312157111 This is an edition of The Communist Manifesto with related documents. A 30-page introduction traces the trajectory of Marx's thought from the 1840s onward and provides background on the political, social and intellectual contexts of which the Manifesto was an historical product. Accompanying the Manifesto are 8 additional documents that show the evolution of and influences on Marx's thought over time. A Marx-Engels chronology, questions for consideration, a bibliography, illustrations, a glossary of terms and an index are also included."
"9780307275554 A small-town girl fresh out of an Ivy League college lands a job at a prestigious fashion magazine, but wonders if the glamorous perks are worth working for the editor from hell."
"9780140447972 Sentimental Education begins with the hero - Frederic Moreau - leaving Paris and returning to the provinces and his mother. Part love story, part historical novel and satire it tells of how Moreau is driven by passion for an unattainable older woman. His 'sentimental education' turns out to be more of an anxious quest than a happy one, echoing Flaubert's own life experience of unrequited love. Packed with vivid detail and characterised by its historical authenticity, the book was described by Flaubert as 'the moral history of the men of my generation'."
"9780684844077 A sweeping illustrated history of war and the implements used to perpetrate it takes readers on a fascinating tour of humanity's most persistant and destructive character trait and the technology that has been developed to promote warfare. 35,000 first printing."
"9780312940683 Mark Anders returns from World War I to his native South Africa to find that his grandfather has been murdered, his land confiscated, and he has become the target of the rogue scion of the powerful Courtney clan. Reprint."
"9780330398046 Stephanie and Rachel have been best friends for years, in spite of their differences. Alison is new in town, and immediately becomes an integral part of their group. But is it possible to have two best friends? And how can you call anyone a friend if you can't tell them your most painful secrets?"
"9780471743675 A decade has passed since the book that introduced Warren Buffett to the world - The Warren Buffett Way by Robert Hagstrom - first appeared. Since then, Buffett has solidified his reputation as the greatest investor of all time - quietly amassing a multibillion-dollar fortune, despite the wild fluctuation of the markets. Although Buffett has claimed time and again that what he does is not beyond anybody else's competence, some people still do not understand how this value investing legend can consistently perform so well. That's where Robert Hagstrom and the Second Edition of The Warren Buffett Way come in. This completely revised and updated look at the Oracle of Omaha encompasses Buffett's numerous investments and accomplishments over the past ten years, as well as the timeless and highly successful investment strategies and techniques he has always used to come out a market winner."
"9780590032490 A young boy and his Norwegian grandmother, who is an expert on witches, together foil a witches' plot to destroy the world's children by turning them into mice."
"9780439286060 At the beginning of eighth grade, learning disabled Max and his new friend Freak, whose birth defect has affected his body but not his brilliant mind, find that when they combine forces they make a powerful team."
"9780451211477 An English aristocrat, a German scientist, a murderer, a thief, and a beautiful woman are among the desperate passengers who board the most luxurious airliner ever built to escape from England just two days after the 1939 declaration of war against Germany. Reprint. 12,000 first printing."
"9780060765316 Outlines steps to achieving overall physical health, addressing each area of the body in a series of chapters designed to challenge popular myths while informing readers on a range of dietary, exercise, and therapeutic concerns."
"9780441004997 Aerin, with the guidance of the wizard Luthe and the help of the blue sword, wins the birthright due her as the daughter of the Damarian king and a witchwoman of the mysterious, demon-haunted North."
"9780595321803 Had it not been for the firm belief of two young girls that one of them was a changeling, their lives would have been very different."
"9780140178135 When his closest friend, Benjamin Sachs, accidentally blows himself up on a Wisconsin road, Peter Aaron attempts to piece together the events that led to Ben's tragic demise and determine the reason for his death"
"9780743477369 A new edition of the classic horror novel features the immortal vampire count and his fellow creatures of the night, whose horrific thirst for blood leads him from the mountains of Central Europe to England, until the savvy Dr. Van Helsing comes up with a way to end his reign of terror. Reprint."
"9780141183718 Beautiful, bored and bourgeoise, Sabina leads a double life inspired by her relentless desire for brief encounters with near-strangers. Fired into faithlessness by a desperate longing for sexual fulfilment, she weaves a sensual web of deceit across New York. But when the secrecy of her affairs becomes too much to bear, Sabina makes a late night phone-call to a stranger from a bar, and begins a confession that captivates the unknown man and soon inspires him to seek her out..."
"9780007120963 The villagers of Chipping Cleghorn are amazed by an advertisement in the local paper which reads ""A murder is announced and will take place on Friday October 29th, at Little Paddocks at 6.30pm. Unable to resist, a crowd begins to gather at the house at the appointed time. But when a man is killed in what looks like an attempted robbery, Miss Marple becomes involved."
"9780060753108 A strange imprisonment Beauty has never liked her nickname. She is thin and awkward; it is her two sisters who are the beautiful ones. But what she lacks in looks, she can perhaps make up for in courage. When her father comes home with the tale of an enchanted castle in the forest and the terrible promise he had to make to the Beast who lives there, Beauty knows she must go to the castle, a prisoner of her own free will. Her father protests that he will not let her go, but she answers, ""Cannot a Beast be tamed?"" Robin McKinley's beloved telling illuminates the unusual love story of a most unlikely couple: Beauty and the Beast."
"9780765311863 Falling in love with a beautiful artist who creates cities, Vienna screenwriter Walker Easterling discovers that he has developed the ability to see into the near future and is referred to a shaman who helps him tour his numerous interconnected past lives. By the author of The Land of the Laughs and The Wooden Sea. Reprint. 25,000 first printing."
"9780061056000 It's been quite a week for Joe Grey. First the large, powerful feline discovers that, through some strange, inexplicable phenomenon, he now has the ability to understand human language. Then he discovers he can speak it as well! It's a nightmare for a cat who'd prefer to sleep the day away carefree, but Joe can handle it. That is, until he has the misfortune to witness a murder in the alley behind Jolly's Deli -- and worse, to be seen witnessing it. With all of his nine lives suddenly at risk, Joe's got no choice but to get to the bottom of the heinous crime -- because his mouse-hunting days are over for good unless he can help bring a killer to justice."
"9780306804984 In the year 216 B.C., Hannibal of Carthage, faced with an opposing Roman army twice the size of his own, outwitted the enemy at Cannae by means of a strategy which has become a classic of its kind. As a result of his famous ”double pincer” maneuver, 70,000 Roman soldiers died within the space of a few hours on a field the size of New York's Central Park. Yet, as devastating and startling as Cannae was, it was only one of a long list of incredible achievements. Hannibal's fantastic 1,000-mile march across the Alps from Spain to Italy was one of the wonders of ancient times. He began his hazardous journey with 90,000 infantry, 12,000 cavalry, and 37 elephants. By the time he reached the Valley of the Po, more than 30,000 troops and many of his elephants had perished, but he still managed to stay in Italy for sixteen years.Blending biography and military adventure, Hannibal is a portrait of a military genius who was also a highly civilized man. The son of Hamilcar Barca, a famous general in his own right, Hannibal was a student of the Greek classics. But his father's lifelong grudge against Rome fostered in the son a deep hatred for that Republic and a fierce determination to subdue it forever. This resulted in the bloody battles of Lake Trasimene, Campania, Nole, Capua, and Zama, all of which Leonard Cottrell describes with vigor and authority. In gathering material for Hannibal, Cottrell traveled the entire route that Hannibal took across the Alps, thus bringing to his account a valuable firsthand knowledge of his subject. With the drama and authenticity for which he is famous, Leonard Cottrell describes Hannibal's amazing campaign—a saga of victory after victory which fell just short of its ultimate goal: the annihilation of Rome."
"9780805081459 An elderly man awakens disoriented in an unfamiliar room, with no memory of who he is or how he got there, and as he waits, visited by a series of people who give him frustrating hints about his identity and his past, he peruses the relics on the desk, including a mysterious manuscript about another prisoner in an alternate world. 100,000 first printing."
"9781593080037 Ward No. 6 and Other Stories, by Anton Chekhov, is part of theBarnes & Noble Classics series, which offers quality editions at affordable prices to the student and the general reader, including new scholarship, thoughtful design, and pages of carefully crafted extras. Here are some of the remarkable features of Barnes & Noble Classics: New introductions commissioned from today''s top writers and scholars Biographies of the authors Chronologies of contemporary historical, biographical, and cultural events Footnotes and endnotes Selective discussions of imitations, parodies, poems, books, plays, paintings, operas, statuary, and films inspired by the work Comments by other famous authors Study questions to challenge the reader''s viewpoints and expectations Bibliographies for further reading Indices & Glossaries, when appropriate All editions are beautifully designed and are printed to superior specifications; some include illustrations of historical interest. Barnes & Noble Classics pulls together a constellation of influences--biographical, historical, and literary--to enrich each reader''s understanding of these enduring works. Anton Chekhov invented the modern short story. With writing that is concise, realistic, and evocative, he became a sort of photographer in words, less interested in plot than in the subtleties of mood and atmosphere, and the telling detail. His characters, always vividly drawn, come from all walks of life and often seem to be caught up in a world they don''t quite understand. Early in his brief literary career, Chekhov outlined in a letter to his brother his idea of the ingredients of a good short story. Arguing against moral judgments and political, economic, or social commentary, he wrote, ""To describe . . . you need . . . to free yourself from the personal expression. . . . Subjectivity is a terrible thing."" Instead, he favored objectivity, truthfulness, originality, compassion, and brevity. Although his writing developed and matured, he remained largely faithful to these principles. This new selection of twenty-three stories explores the entire range of Chekhov''s short fiction, from early sketches, such as ""The Cook''s Wedding"" (1885) and ""On the Road"" (1886) to late works, such as ""In the Ravine"" (1900) and ""The Bishop"" (1902). Ward No. 6 and Other Stories includes some of his most popular tales, such as the title story and ""The Lady with the Dog"" (1899), as well as several lesser-known works, no less masterful in their composition. David Plante is a Professor of Writing at Columbia University. He is the author of many novels, including The Ghost of Henry James, The Family (nominated for the National Book Award), and The Woods. He has been a contributor to The New Yorker, Esquire, and Vogue, and a reviewer and features writer for the New York Times Book Review."
9780141007472 Setting the record straight about her life as a novelist (less glitz and glamour than sitting alone in a darkened bedroom with a laptop in front of her) Marian Keyes here presents a selection of her articles. These regular bulletins from a woman under the duvet include unpublished pieces.
"9780061124266 Twenty-four-year-old Veronika seems to have everything -- youth and beauty, boyfriends and a loving family, a fulfilling job. But something is missing in her life. So, one cold November morning, she takes a handful of sleeping pills expecting never to wake up. But she does -- at a mental hospital where she is told that she has only days to live. Inspired by events in Coelho's own life, Veronika Decides to Die questions the meaning of madness and celebrates individuals who do not fit into patterns society considers to be normal. Bold and illuminating, it is a dazzling portrait of a young woman at the crossroads of despair and liberation, and a poetic, exuberant appreciation of each day as a renewed opportunity."
"9780451529510 Chronicling the 13th-century world from Venice, his birthplace, to the far reaches of Asia, Marco Polo tells of the foreign peoples he meets as he travels by foot, horse, and boat through places including Persia, Tibet, India, and, finally, China. This edition includes a new Introduction and a new Foreword. Original."
"9780821776056 First published in 1994 as ""Treasures,"" the first novel of romantic suspense by the ""New York Times"" bestselling author of ""Whispers"" is now retitled, repackaged, and rewritten to include more suspense, intrigue, and atmosphere. Original."
"9780380620005 Although his mother warns him that if he continues to watch television so much he will turn into one, Ogden Pettibone does not believe her until he discovers a clear, color picture glowing on his stomach."
"9780060531041 One of the 20th century's enduring works, One Hundred Years of Solitude is a widely beloved and acclaimed novel known throughout the world, and the ultimate achievement in a Nobel Prize–winning career. The novel tells the story of the rise and fall of the mythical town of Macondo through the history of the Buendía family. It is a rich and brilliant chronicle of life and death, and the tragicomedy of humankind. In the noble, ridiculous, beautiful, and tawdry story of the Buendía family, one sees all of humanity, just as in the history, myths, growth, and decay of Macondo, one sees all of Latin America. Love and lust, war and revolution, riches and poverty, youth and senility -- the variety of life, the endlessness of death, the search for peace and truth -- these universal themes dominate the novel. Whether he is describing an affair of passion or the voracity of capitalism and the corruption of government, Gabriel García Márquez always writes with the simplicity, ease, and purity that are the mark of a master. Alternately reverential and comical, One Hundred Years of Solitude weaves the political, personal, and spiritual to bring a new consciousness to storytelling. Translated into dozens of languages, this stunning work is no less than an accounting of the history of the human race."
"9780349100470 Shortly after completing THE DROWNED AND THE SAVED, Primo Levi committed suicide. The matter of his death was sudden, violent and unpremiditated, and there were some who argue that he killed himself because he was tormented by guilt - guilt that he had survived the horrors of Auschwitz while others, better than he, had gone to the wall. THE DROWNED AND THE SAVED is Levi's impassioned attempt to understand the 'rationale' behind the concentration camps, was completed shortly before his tragic death in 1987. THE DROWNED AND THE SAVED dispels the myth that Primo Levi forgave the Germans for what they did to his people. He didn't and couldn't forgive. He refused, however, to indulge in what he called 'the bestial vice of hatred' which is an entirely different matter. The voice that sounds in his writing is that of a reasonable man...it warns and reminds us that the unimaginable can happen again. A would-be tyrant is waiting in the wings, with 'beautiful words' on his lips. The book is constantly impressing on us the need to learn from the past, to make sense of the senseless' PAUL BAILEY"
"9780007121021 Lucy Angkatell Invited Hercule Poirot To Lunch. To Tease The Great Detective, Her Guests Stage A Mock Murder Beside The Swimming Pool. Unfortunately, The Victim Plays The Scene For Real. As His Blood Drips Into The Water, John Christow Gasps One Final Word: Henrietta . In The Confusion, A Gun Sinks To The Bottom Of The Pool. Poirot S Enquiries Reveal A Complex Web Of Romantic Attachments. It Seems Everyone In The Drama Is A Suspect And Each A Victim Of Love."
"9780802142849 Inman, an injured and disillusioned Confederate soldier, embarks on a harrowing journey home to his sweetheart, Ada, who herself is struggling to run the farm left her at her father's sudden death."
"9780887309427 From America's most trusted financial advisor comes a comprehensive guide to a new and utterly sane financial choice. In Die Broke, you'll learn that life is a game where the loser gives his money to Uncle Sam at the end. There are four steps to the process: Quit Today No, don't tell your boss to shove it...at least not out loud. But in your head accept that from this day on you're a free agent whose number one workplace priority is your personal bottom line. Pay Cash You should be as conscious of spending as you are of saving. Credit should be a rarely used tool for those few times (buying homes and cars) when paying cash is impossible. Don't Retire Your work life should be a journey up and down hills, rather than a climb up a sheer cliff that ends with a jump into the abyss. Die Broke It sounds terrifying, the one intolerable outcome to your financial life. And yet, in truth, dying broke might be your best option for a life without fear: fear of failure and privation now, fear of impoverishment in the long run."
"9781403356208 Secular Faith revolves around the friendship of two men, one Christian and the other atheist. The difference in their perspectives, where faith and reason seem to diverge, forms the underlying tension that propels the storyline. When an unlikely sequence of fortune and misfortune seems divinely influenced and leads them to interpret events differently, it produces conflicting judgments on how to react, and their friendship is put to the test. Counteracting the wedge that pushes them apart is the human drive to grasp the spiritual meaning of existence. Because it is not enough to agree to disagree, each is driven to bring the other to his view in order to affirm that it represents truth. Their actions are influenced not by a God who intervenes in the matters of mankind, but by belief of whether or not He does. Ultimately they discover that a man is defined by his actions and not by what he believes to be true. Morality exists to guide actions, not thoughts. The story of Tom Dagney and Christopher Pierce represents the struggle between belief and non-belief within men who, by their very nature, doubt that which they profess to believe, and struggle to understand this dichotomy. How belief translates into behavior proves far more intriguing than scholarly debate about philosophical perspectives. Caring about what people think pales compared to the passions aroused by how they live. This story of friendship, love, envy, tragedy, and redemption gives breath to philosophy and life to the struggle to identify human purpose. Above all Secular Faith exemplifies that, without a doubt, a man who puts aside his faith to serve his friends will always be a better man than one who puts aside his friends to serve his faith."
"9780394704371 Offers a selection from the author's notebooks, chosen by his sister, that reveals his views on nihilism, art, morality, religion, the theory of knowledge, and other subjects"
"9780140442373 Philippe and Joseph Bridau are two extremely different brothers. The elder, Philippe, is a superficially heroic soldier and adored by their mother Agathe. He is nonetheless a bitter figure, secretly gambling away her savings after a brief but glorious career in Napoleon’s army. His younger brother Joseph, meanwhile, is fundamentally virtuous - but their mother is blinded to his kindness by her disapproval of his life as an artist. Foolish and prejudiced, Agathe lives on unaware that she is being cynically manipulated by her own favourite child, but will she ever discover which of her sons is truly the black sheep of the family? A dazzling depiction of the power of money and the cruelty of life in nineteenth-century France, The Black Sheep compellingly explores is a compelling exploration of the nature of deceit."
"9780671039943 Ice Goodman, a troubled young girl, must draw on her extraordinary singing voice to escape the tragedy, deception, and her mother's jealousy that threaten to destroy her world. Original."
"9780312132149 When a Peace Corps volunteer disappears in the African wilds, his father and his friend go after him, believing that American power and influence encompass the globe--but soon encounter greater powers and a mystery beyond their control. Reprint."
"9780739844328 Presents the life of Bill Gates, from his childhood, to his education, and to his days as mastermind and head of Microsoft a multi-billion dollar computer software company."
"9780007153589 'The Harper's Essay' is reprinted in this volume alongside personal essays and painstaking, often funny reportage. Although his subjects range widely, each piece wrestles with the erosion of civic life and private dignity, and the hidden persistence of loneliness in postmodern America."
"9780142302279 Poems tell the stories of a smart pig who outwits a farmer, a crocodile who likes to eat children, a hungry lion, a dangerous scorpion, an aunt-eating ant-eater, and a flying cow. Reissue."
"9781595690555 His Excellency (French: Son Excellence Eugene Rougon) - From Zola's Rougon-Macquart Series. ""Son Excellence Eugene Rougon is the one existing French novel which gives the reader a fair general idea of what occurred in political spheres at an important period of the Empire. It is a book for foreigners and particularly Englishmen to read with profit, for there are yet many among them who cherish the delusion that Napoleon III. was not only a good and true friend of England, but also a wise and beneficent ruler of France; and this, although his reign began with bloodshed and trickery, was prolonged by means of innume-rable subterfuges, and ended in woe, horror, and disgrace... There is, of course, some fiction in the book; but, again and again, page after page, I have found a simple record of fact, just deftly adapted to suit the requirements of the narrative. The history of the Second Empire is probably as familiar to me as it is to M. Zola himself-for, like him, I grew to manhood in its midst, with better opportunities, too, than he had of observing certain of its distinguishing features - and thus I have been able to identify innumerable incidents and allusions, and trace to their very source some of the most curious passages in the book. And it is for this reason, and by virtue of my own knowledge and experience, that I claim for His Excellency the merit of reflecting things as they really were in the earlier years of the Imperial regime."" (Ernest Alfred Vizetelly)"""
"9780060085445 During an unfortunate helicopter ride into the wilds of Alaska, successful screenwriter Lou Calabrese is reunited with sexy Jack Townsend, but they are forced into a desperate battle for survival when they crash land in the wilderness."
"9780441010288 The first title in this bestselling series, now available in paperback, follows the adventures and training of young Merlin who is destined to become the greatest wizard of all time. Illustrations. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved."
"9780099422341 In aid of Amnesty International, this is a brilliant 'serial' novel by fifteen of the very brightest talents in Irish writing. It begins with Roddy Doyle and ends with Frank McCourt. In between thirteen other Irish writers spin an increasingly elaborate tale ofmurder, mayhem and literary shenanigans in present-day Dublin."
"9780689834196 Young Michael Jordan, who is smaller than the other players, learns that determination and hard work are more important than size when playing the game of basketball."
"9781852428082 Reinaldo Arenas presents a book about sexual, political and artistic freedom. In Before Night Falls, Arenas recounts his journey from a poverty-stricken rural childhood in Cuba to his death in New York four decades later."
"9780571202805 The candid filmaker turns his his vision inward to explore the motivation behind Monty Python and the Holy Grail, The Fisher King, Twelve Monkeys, and other groundbreaking films. Original."
"9780425174807 When a mysterious cabal within the U.S. State Department causes tensions to erupt between Iran and Azerbaijan and plots to depose the President of the United States, Paul Hood and the Op-Center team must stop the conspiracy."
"9780156030274 A collection of short works includes ""So Help Me God,"" in which a young wife wonders about the identity of a flirtatious caller, and ""Madison at Guignol,"" in which an unhappy fashionista discovers a horrendous secret at a clothing store."
"9780393964523 Michael Shinagel has collated the reprint with all six authorizededitions published by Taylor in 1719 to achieve a text that is faithfulto Defoe's original edition. Annotations assist the reader with obscurewords and idioms, biblical references, and nautical terms. ""Contexts"" helps the reader understand the novel's historical andreligious significance. Included are four contemporary accounts ofmarooned men, Defoe's autobiographical passages on the novel'sallegorical foundation, and aspects of the Puritan emblematic traditionessential for understanding the novel's religious aspects. ""Eighteenth-and Nineteenth-Century Opinions"" is a comprehensive studyof early estimations by prominent literary and political figures,including Alexander Pope, Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Samuel Johnson, SamuelTaylor Coleridge, William Wordsworth, Edgar Allen Poe, Thomas BabingtonMacaulay, Charles Dickens, Karl Marx, and John Stuart Mill. ""Twentieth-Century Criticism"" is a collection of fourteen essays (fiveof them new to the Second Edition) that presents a variety ofperspectives on Robinson Crusoe by Virginia Woolf, Ian Watt, EricBerne, Maximillian E. Novak, Frank Budgen, James Joyce, George A.Starr, J. Paul Hunter, James Sutherland, John J. Richetti, LeopoldDamrosch, Jr., John Bender, Michael McKeon, and Carol Houlihan Flynn. A Chronology of Defoe's life and work and an updated SelectedBibliography are also included."
"9780312424121 When Henry Roth published his debut novel Call It Sleep in 1934, it was greeted with considerable critical acclaim though, in those troubled times, lackluster sales. Only with its paperback publication thirty years later did this novel receive the recognition it deserves—--and still enjoys. Having sold-to-date millions of copies worldwide, Call It Sleep is the magnificent story of David Schearl, the ""dangerously imaginative"" child coming of age in the slums of New York."
"9780939682041 The essential source book for anyone wanting to pursue the SI. A vast compendium of writings from all their major works, books, journals, leaflets etc. All the stars are here, and much more. Much of this has been translated into English for the first time."
"9780765348210 Believing she has found a career-making story when she stumbles upon a money-laundering scheme, reporter Miriam Beckstein is shocked when she is fired and threatened with death, a situation that turns increasingly bizarre when she learns the fate of her murdered mother and is transported to a parallel earth where her family rules a powerful kingdom. Reprint."
"9780805242256 A political analysis of totalitarian societies, originally published in 1951, traces the nineteenth-century rise of anti-Semitism in central and western Europe and considers the institutions and operations of Nazi Germany and Stalinist Russia, examining such phenomena as the transformation of classes into masses, the applications of propaganda, and the use of terror."
"9780060957605 Part memoir, part study, The Making of a Philosopher is the self–portrait of a deeply intelligent mind as it develops over a life on both sides of the Atlantic. The Making of a Philosopher follows Colin McGinn from his early years in England reading Descartes and Anselm, to his years in the states, first in Los Angeles, then New York. McGinn presents a contemporary academic take on the great philosophical figures of the twentieth century, including Bertrand Russell, Jean–Paul Sartre, and Noam Chomsky, alongside stories of the teachers who informed his ideas and often became friends and mentors, especially the colorful A.J. Ayer at Oxford. McGinn's prose is always elegant and probing; students of contemporary philosophy and the general reader alike will absorb every page."
9780752861746 This collection features three classics from the master of the noir novel--each of which was made into a classic Hollywood film--along with five otherwise unavailable short stories. Ribbon marker.
"9780312853020 Collects three of the author's novels about the Demon Princes, a destructive race of beings who disguise themselves as humans, and Kerth Gersen, who is out to avenge himself for the destruction of his world"
"9781740596466 At last - the two hottest stars on the travel circuit combined in one sizzling guidebook! Grab your pack and head south to Australia's awesome beaches and New Zealand's spectacular landscapes. Written for backpackers by backpackers, this guide to the wonders clown under helps you travel further and pay less. - Two in one - No other guide covers both Australia and New Zealand, let alone from a backpacker's perspective - Get the lowdown on where to go for nonstop parties, and where to find a little space all to yourself - Eat cheap and sleep easy with our fully updated coverage of the best local eateries and great-value accommodation - Take your life in your hands - get your thrills from the best scuba diving, bungy jumping, skiing and jetboating that Oz and NZ bas to offer!"
"9780812574968 Young Eskan ogrenymphhumanfinds himself teamed up with a winged centaur and a burrower named Volney on a mission of mercy to save the ""Vale of the Vole"" from destruction. Reprint."
"9780451456816 A collection of stories that detail modern science's effect on humankind's notions of conception, birth, and parenting includes contributions from Michael Armstrong, Robert Silverberg, Susan Palwick, and others"
"9781563898945 Chronicles the battles of Spider Jerusalem, infamous renegade journalist of the future. Spider dedicates himself to fighting the corruption and abuse of power of two successive United States presidents; he and his assistants strive to keep their world from becoming worse than it already is while dealing with the struggles of fame and power, brought about due to the popularity of Spider via his articles."
"9781841492872 THE SWORD OF SHANNARA: Long ago, the world of Shea Ohmsford was torn apart by war. But the half-human, half-elfin, Shea now lives in peace - until the forbidding figure of Allanon appears, to reveal that the long dead Warlock Lord lives again ... THE ELFSTONES OF SHANNARA: Ancient evil threatens the Elves and the Races of Man. For the Ellcrys, the tree of long-lost Elven magic, is dying - loosing the spell of Forbidding that locks the hordes of Demons away from Earth. Only one source has the power to stop it: the Elfstones of Shannara. THE WISHSONG OF SHANNARA: Evil stalks the Four Lands as the Ildatch, immemorial book of evil spells, has stirred to eldritch life. Once again Allanon, ancient Druid Protector of the Races, must seek the help of a descendant of Jerle Shannara."
"9780330487108 A profound and moving and often humorous novel that evokes a colonial man's experience in the post-colonial world.A Tolstoyan spirit... The so-called thrid World has produced no more brilliant literary artist' John Updike, New Yorker Born of Indian heritage, raised in the British-dependent Caribbean island of Isabella, and educated in England, forty-year-old Ralph Singh has spent a lifetime struggling against the torment of cultural displacement. Now in exile from his native country, he has taken up residence at a quaint hotel in a London suburb, where he is writing his memoirs in an attempt to impose order on a chaotic existence. His memories lead him to recognize the cultural paradoxes and tainted fantasies of his colonial childhood and later life: his attempts to fit in at school, his short-lived marriage to an ostenatious white woman. But it is the return of Isabella and his subsequent immersion in the roiling political atmosphere of a newly self-governing nation - every kind of racial fantasy taking wing - that ultimately provide Singh with the necessary insight to discover the crux of his disillusionment. 'Ambitious and successful... Extremely perceptive' The Times 'The sweep of Naipaul's imagination, the brilliant fictional frame that expresses it, are in my view eithout equal today' New York Times Book Review"
"9780345476722 Follows one family of Italian immigrants who settle in New York in the late 1920s through World War II, a family dominated by a defiant matriarch who struggles to raise six children and preserve Old World values in a new land."
"9780349116303 The riveting memoirs of the outstanding moral and political leader of our time, LONG WALK TO FREEDOM brilliantly recreates the drama of the experiences that helped shape Nelson Mandela's destiny. From his imprisonment on Robben Island to his remarkable journey to freedom and inauguration as President this book describes Mandela's frustrations and strength of heart as well as the overwhelming joy of freedom and power. Emotive and compelling, it completes the story of an epic life. 'Burns with the luminosity of faith in the invincible nature of human hope and dignity . . . Unforgettable' ANDRE BRINK 'Enthralling . . . Mandela emulates the few great political leaders such as Lincoln and Gandhi, who go beyond mere consensus and move out ahead of their followers to break new ground' Donald Woods in the SUNDAY TIMES"
"9780156453806 In Kublai Khan's garden, at sunset, the young Marco Polo diverts the aged emperor from his obsession with the impending end of his empire with tales of countless cities past, present, and future"
"9780060924980 Selling more than 65,000 copies and topping bestseller lists around the world -- including Spain, Germany, Italy, and Latin America -- this novel tells the engrossing story of one man's quest for love and for his soul."
"9780529123459 A beautiful retelling of the last week in the life of Jesus Christ (from John 13-21), including 17 dramatic illustrations by Rob Pepper. This unique work captures the urgency of the last living disciple telling his students about the most significant event in history. It includes first person commentary told in John's voice with comments from Matthew, Mark, and Luke. The compelling story gives the reader the sense of being around a campfire with first century believers, hearing the story directly from John. So come into the story, smell the mixture of the salty air and billows of smoke floating from the bonfire and hear the Last Eyewitness."
"9780345477606 A comprehensive overview of alien beings from the ""Star Wars"" universe provides a physical description of the beings, a description of their homeworld, and where and when they appeared in the Star Wars films, novels, cartoon series, comic books, or videogames."
"9780099582014 Once a scandalously inventive puppeteer, Mickey Sabbath at sixty-four is still defiantly antagonistic and exceedingly libidinous. But after the death of his long-time mistress, Sabbath embarks on a turbulent journey into his past. Bereft and grieving, besieged by the ghosts of those who loved and hated him most, he contrives a succession of farcical disasters that take him to the brink of madness and extinction."
"9780380713806 Like many of his generation, Bill Bryson backpacked across Europe in the early seventies -- in search of enlightenment, beer, and women. Twenty years later he decided to retrace the journey he undertook in the halcyon days of his youth. The result is Neither Here Nor There, an affectionate and riotously funny pilgrimage from the frozen wastes of Scandinavia to the chaotic tumult of Istanbul, with stops along the way in Europe's most diverting and historic locales. Like many of his generation, Bill Bryson backpacked across Europe in the early seventies--in search of enlightenment, beer, and women. Twenty years later he decided to retrace the journey he undertook in the halcyon days of his youth. The result is Neither Here Nor There, an affectionate and riotously funny pilgrimage from the frozen wastes of Scandinavia to the chaotic tumult of Istanbul, with stops along the way in Europe's most diverting and historic locales."
"9780375835315 High school student Nick O'Leary, member of a rock band, meets college-bound Norah Silverberg and asks her to be his girlfriend for five minutes in order to avoid his ex-sweetheart."
"9780553485219 Encyclopedia Brown, the super sleuth in sneakers, solves ten new mysteries, including ""The Case of the Slippery Salamander,"" ""The Case of the Banana Burglar,"" and ""The Case of the Dead Cockroach."""
"9780786808069 Children will discover the exciting world of their own backyard in this introduction to familiar animals from cats and dogs to bugs and frogs. The combination of photographs, illustrations, and fun facts make this an accessible and delightful learning experience."
"9780618131709 In CHIMERAJohn Barth injects his signature wit into the tales of Scheherezade of the Thousand and One Nights, Perseus, the slayer of Medusa, and Bellerophon, who tamed the winged horse Pegasus. In a book that the Washington Post called ""stylishly maned, tragically songful, and serpentinely elegant,” Barth retells these tales from varying perspectives, examining the myths’ relationship to reality and their resonance with the contemporary world. A winner of the National Book Award, this feisty, witty, sometimes bawdy book provoked Playboy to comment, ""There’s every chance in the world that John Barth is a genius.”"
"9780140439052 After reading Christmas Carol, the notoriously reculsive Thomas Carlyle was ""seized with a perfect convulsion of hospitality"" and threw not one but two Christmas dinner parties. The impact of the story may not always have been so dramatic but, along with Dickens other Christmas writings, it has had a lasting and significant influence upon our ideas about the Christmas spirit, and about the season as a time for celebration, charity, and memory."
"9780553576375 The passionate story of Elizabeth Lavenza, a girl rescued from poverty and raised by a remarkable noblewoman of Geneva, describes how the demise of her sensual bond with Victor Frankenstein sends him hurtling into a secret life, and along a path of destruction. Reprint."
9781401212483 Rock and Easy Company parachute into Nazi-occupied Lithuania to rescue a young rabbi so they can bring him to America and make the horrors of the Holocaust known to the world.
"9780671020828 A spoof of the spy genre set in Britain features a drifter who orchestrates a magnificent caper involving the CIA, international terrorists, arms dealers, a high-speed chase on skis, and buxom, blonde beauties."
"9780553581850 After his mother dies, Sterling Harlow sets out to reclaim her estate and evict his mother's ward Laura Fairleigh, but on the way there he is rendered unconscious and loses his memory, and Laura sets out to convince Sterling that he is her betrothed."
9780449908402 The author of Dare to Be Yourself presents a series of illuminating essays designed to assist readers on a journey toward spiritual enlightenment and fulfilling self-discovery. Reprint.
"9780064434942 Join the Ingalls family as they celebrate little Laura’s fifth birthday in the Big Woods of Wisconsin. There are special presents from everyone, and that night Laura falls asleep to the merry music of Pa’s fiddle. Renée Graef’s enchanting full-color illustrations, inspired by Garth Williams’s classic artwork, bring Laura and her family lovingly to life in our tenth My First Little House Book, adapted from Laura Ingalls Wilder’s beloved storybooks. It’s a Little House birthday to remember!"
"9781580495790 This Prestwick House Literary Touchstone Edition includes a glossary and reader's notes to help the reader fully appreciate the beauty and humor of Dickens's work.In his ""Ghostly little book,"" Charles Dickens invents the modern concept of Christmas Spirit and offers one of the world's most adapted and imitated stories. We know Ebenezer Scrooge, Tiny Tim, and the Ghosts of Christmas Past, Present, and Future, not only as fictional characters, but also as icons of the true meaning of Christmas in a world still plagued with avarice and cynicism."
"9781590526866 Desiree's murdered father was an art thief. Can she preserve the family business, please her heavenly Father, avoid death threats, and trust FBI Special Agent Tony Lucano all at the same time?"
"9780226735191 With this volume, the University of Chicago Press completes its translation of a work that is indispensable not only to serious readers of Flaubert but to anyone interested in the last major contribution by one of the twentieth century's greatest thinkers. That Sartre's study of Flaubert, The Family Idiot, is a towering achievement in intellectual history has never been disputed. Yet critics have argued about the precise nature of this novel or biography or ""criticism-fiction"" which is the summation of Sartre's philosophical, social, and literary thought. In the preface, Sartre writes: ""The Family Idiot is the sequel to Search for a Method. The subject: what, at this point in time, can we know about a man? It seemed to me that this question could only be answered by studying a specific case."" Sartre discusses Flaubert's personal development, his relationship to his family, his decision to become a writer, and the psychosomatic crisis or ""conversion"" from his father's domination to the freedom of his art. Sartre blends psychoanalysis with a sociological study of the ideology of the period, the crisis in literature, and Flaubert's influence on the future of literature. While Sartre never wrote the final volume he envisioned for this vast project, the existing volumes constitute in themselves a unified work—one that John Sturrock, writing in the Observer, called ""a shatteringly fertile, digressive and ruthless interpretation of these few cardinal years in Flaubert's life."" ""A virtuoso perfomance. . . . For all that this book does to make one reconsider his life, The Family Idiot is less a case study of Flaubert than it is a final installment of Sartre's mythology. . . . The translator, Carol Cosman, has acquitted herself brilliantly.""—Frederick Brown, New York Review of Books ""A splendid translation by Carol Cosman. . . . Sartre called The Family Idiot a 'true novel,' and it does tell a story and eventually reach a shattering climax. The work can be described most simply as a dialectic, which shifts between two seemingly alternative interpretations of Flaubert's destiny: a psychoanalytic one, centered on his family and on his childhood, and a Marxist one, whose guiding themes are the status of the artist in Flaubert's period and the historical and ideological contradictions faced by his social class, the bourgeoisie.""—Fredric Jameson, New York Times Book Review Jean-Paul Sartre (1906-1980) was offered, but declined, the Nobel Prize for literature in 1964. His many works of fiction, drama, and philosophy include the monumental study of Flaubert, The Family Idiot, and The Freud Scenario, both published in translation by the University of Chicago Press."
"9780451207647 Attorney Dismas Hardy makes a discovery that threatens his family and his friendship with homicide lieutenant Abe Glitsky while representing Dr. Eric Kensing, a man accused of murdering the head of San Francisco's largest HMO."
"9780965429900 Jane Austen's story of Elizabeth Bennet Darcy ends with Elizabeth's marriage. The Baders continue her story as wife, mother and confidante to her sister in law, Georgiana. Set in the years 1805-1816, the story tells the romantic adventures of beautiful, shy, devout Georgiana. Along the way, issues of duty and desire, in marriage and in one's relationship to God, are presented."
"9780449006535 After Caroline and her two children move into her new spouse's apartment on Central Park West, her son's instinctive misgivings become a horrifying reality when a young girl vanishes and Caroline's daughter begins to waste away."
"9780743487696 A successful lawyer remembers his boyhood in Nebraska and his friendship with an immigrant Bohemian girl. Includes background information, a chronology of the author's life, explanatory notes, critical analyses, and other reference material."
"9780606349154 One of the 20th century's enduring works, Marquez's masterpiece is the ultimate achievement in a Nobel Prize- winning career. Alternately reverential and comical, this novel weaves the political, personal, and spiritual to bring a new consciousness to storytelling."
"9781582433455 An evocative memoir of growing up on a family farm in rural North Dakota, on land her family had worked for generations, reflects on her desire to escape the difficult life, her relationship with and admiration for her father, and the influence of place on personal identity."
"9780520204959 00 In this classic best-seller, Liza Dalby, the only non-Japanese ever to have trained as a geisha, offers an insider's look at the exclusive world of female companions to the Japanese male elite. Her new preface considers the geisha today as a vestige of tradition as Japan heads into the 21st century. In this classic best-seller, Liza Dalby, the only non-Japanese ever to have trained as a geisha, offers an insider's look at the exclusive world of female companions to the Japanese male elite. Her new preface considers the geisha today as a vestige of tradition as Japan heads into the 21st century."
"9780919123700 The great American novel Moby-Dick is a psychological document which, like a dream, needs interpretation and elaboration of its images for its meaning to emerge fully. The subtitle of this work underscores the correspondence between Melville's deep internal struggle and the hidden complexities within us all."
"9781592530878 Logos -- for everything from food and fashion to conferences and corporations -- are among designerséÆ most prized projects. When LogoLounge debuted in hardcover, it was the first in a series celebrating the work of top logo designers on the innovative Logo Lounge website. Created by Bill Gardner, president of the leading design firm Gardner Design, the LogoLounge website (www.logolounge.com) features the work of handpicked top designers as well as up-and-coming new talent. This book, now in paperback, presents the siteéÆs best designs of the year as judged by an elite group of name-brand designers. LogoLounge offers a wealth of inspiration and insights for graphic designers and their clients. From the work of superstar artists and firms such as Michael Vanderbyl and Sibley Peteet Design -- including both new campaigns and new projects -- to nearly 2,000 additional logos from various sources, this visually compelling volume will become the go-to resource for inspiration from the best in the field."
"9780876856833 Charles Bukowski examines cats and his childhood in You Get So Alone at Times, a book of poetry that reveals his tender side. He delves into his youth to analyze its repercussions."
"9780812590562 A veteran of Gulf War II, telepath Greg Mandel enters the high-tech world of computer crime, zero-gravity smuggling, and artificial intelligence when an elusive saboteur threatens a powerful organization and the very future of humankind. Reprint."
"9781585424337 An updated edition of the best-selling guide features anecdotes about such modern figures as Bill Gates, Dave Thomas, and Sir John Templeton, explaining how their examples can enable modern readers to pursue wealth and overcome personal stumbling blocks. Original. 30,000 first printing."
"9780373836932 Working behind the scenes at the I Love New York Film Festival, three heroines find unexpected romance in this quirky and lighthearted collection from bestselling authors."
"9780425169698 A middle-aged woman, along with her fifteen-year-old daughter, returns to her small Massachusetts hometown for the funeral of the housekeeper who raised her and finds herself thrust into the lives of the people she left behind. Reprint."
"9781573456630 In this imaginative and vivid interpretation of the story of Moses, Orson Scott Card portrays the conflicts, the relationships, and the trials that drove one man from greatness to despair and back to greatness of a very different sort. The epic tale also traces the journey of a people destined to find their way out of slavery and sin to the light of Jehovah. A moving story of faith and uncertainty, political intrigue and personal jealousy, rebellion and submission. Stone Tables is both a gripping adventure and a brilliant study of human nature."
"9781892391209 These 18 darkly complex short stories and novellas touch upon human nature and perception, metaphysics and epistemology, and gender and sexuality, foreshadowing a world in which biological tendencies bring about the downfall of humankind. Revisions from the author's notes are included, allowing a deeper view into her world and a better understanding of her work. The Nebula Award?winning short story Love Is the Plan, the Plan Is Death, the Hugo Award?winning novella The Girl Who Was Plugged In, and the Hugo and Nebula Award?winning novella Houston, Houston, Do You Read? are included."
"9780142301449 In the final episode of the Vesper Holly adventures, the young woman is home in Philadelphia, where she can relax--until President Ulysses S. Grant asks for her help."
"9780312982515 When a childhood friend unexpectedly attempts to murder him in Switzerland, an American investment banker begins to unravel a mystery involving his famous financier father and a mysterious OSS case code-named Sigma. Reprint."
"9780816736911 When Angel and her mother move into a cottage on a cliff on Long Island, they find a ghost named BJ, who died during the '50s, already lives there. Part one of two."
"9780156030939 After being hired and abruptly fired from the most popular shop at Square One Mall in Mogsfield, Massachusetts, fourteen-year-old Trisha Driscoll finds herself linked up with a chain-smoking, physically stunted mall rat named Rose, in a love story between two weirdo girls who soulfully explore the emptiness of contemporary culture. Reprint. 44,000 first printing."
"9780571224388 The Unbearable Lightness of Being is a story of irreconcilable love and infidelities in which Milan Kundera addresses himself to the nature of twentieth-century 'Being', offering a wide range of brilliant and amusing philosophical speculations. First published in 1984, Kundera's masterly novel encompasses the extremes of comedy and tragedy and was at once hailed by critics as a contemporary classic. This special hardback edition commemorates the twentieth anniversary of its first publication in English. 'There are novels that are tragic, or entertaining, and this one is both. There are very few that give a fresh perspective on existence, and force the reader to reassess his own life and attitudes.' Sunday Times 'The Unbearable Lightness of Being is a work of the boldest mastery, originality and richness.' Vanity Fair"
"9780940450660 Includes Native Son, now an HBO original movie by Rashid Johnson, with a screenplay by Suzan-Lori Parks and starring Ashton Sanders. Native Son exploded on the American literary scene in 1940. The story of Bigger Thomas, a young black man living in the raw, noisy, crowded slums of Chicago's South Side, captured the hopes and yearnings, the pain and rage of black Americans with an unprecedented intensity and vividness. The text printed in this volume restores the changes and cuts--including the replacement of an entire scene--that Wright was forced to make by book club editors who feared offending their readers. The unexpurgated version of Wright's electrifying novel shows his determination to write honestly about his controversial protagonist. As he wrote in the essay ""How 'Bigger' Was Born,"" which accompanies the novel: ""I became convinced that if I did not write Bigger as I saw and felt him, I'd be acting out of fear."" This volume also contains Wright's first novel, Lawd Today!, published posthumously in 1963, and his collection of stories, Uncle Tom's Children, which appeared in 1938. Lawd Today! interweaves news bulletins, songs, exuberant wordplay, and scenes of confrontation and celebration into a kaleidoscopic chronicle of the events of one day--February 12--in the life of a black Chicago postal worker. The text for this edition reinstates Wright's stylistic experiments, and the novel emerges as a far livelier work of the imagination. Uncle Tom's Children first brought Wright to national attention when it received the Story Prize for the best work submitted to the Federal Writers' Project. The characters in these tales struggle to survive the cruelty of racism in the South, as Wright asks ""what quality of will must a Negro possess to live and die with dignity in a country that denied his humanity."" All five stories Wright included in the 1940 second edition are published in this volume, along with his sardonic autobiographical essay ""The Ethics of Living Jim Crow."" Richard Wright was ""forged in injustice as a sword is forged,"" wrote Ernest Hemingway. With passionate honesty and courage, he confronted the terrible effects of prejudice and intolerance and created works that explore the deepest conflicts of the human heart. This Library of America edition presents for the first time Wright's works in the form in which he intended them to be read. The authoritative new texts, based on Wright's original typescripts and proofs, reveal the full range and power of his achievement as an experimental stylist and as a fiery prophet of the tragic consequences of racism in American society. The volume includes notes on significant changes in Wright's text and a detailed chronology of his life. LIBRARY OF AMERICA is an independent nonprofit cultural organization founded in 1979 to preserve our nation's literary heritage by publishing, and keeping permanently in print, America's best and most significant writing. The Library of America series includes more than 300 volumes to date, authoritative editions that average 1,000 pages in length, feature cloth covers, sewn bindings, and ribbon markers, and are printed on premium acid-free paper that will last for centuries."
"9780812976151 Union General William Tecumseh Sherman's devastating march through Georgia and the Carolinas during the final years of the Civil War has a profound impact on the outcome of the war, in a richly textured, evocative historical novel that captures the full experience of the diverse characters caught up in the struggle. Reader's Guide available. Reprint. 350,000 first printing."
"9780316154970 For the first time in one volume, the three novels that introduced Michael Connelly's great LAPD homicide detective, maverick Hieronymous (Harry) Bosch. The Black Echo (Winner of the Edgar Award for Best First Novel) For Harry Bosch-hero, loner, nighthawk-the body stuffed in a drainpipe off Mulholland Drive isn't just another statistic. This one is personal. Billy Meadows was a fellow Vietnam ""tunnel rat,"" fighting the VC and the fear they used to call the Black Echo. Harry let Meadows down once. He won't do it again. The Black Ice The corpse in the hotel room seems to be that of a missing LAPD narcotics officer. Rumors abound that the cop had crossed over-selling a new drug called Black Ice. Now Harry's making some dangerous connections, leading from the cop to a string of bloody murders, and from Hollywood Boulevard's drug bazaar to Mexico's dusty back alleys. In this lethal game, Harry is likely to be the next victim. The Concrete Blonde When Harry Bosch shot and killed Norman Church, the police were convinced it marked the end of the hunt for the Dollmaker-L.A.'s most bizarre serial killer. But now Church's widow is accusing Harry of killing the wrong man-a charge that rings terrifyingly true when a new victim is discovered with the Dollmaker's macabre signature. For the second time, Harry must hunt the murderer down, before he strikes again. Together, these three novels are the perfect way to discover, or rediscover, the sleuth the New York Times Book Review called a ""wonderful, old-fashioned hero who isn't afraid to walk through the flames."""
"9780679755487 It is the reign of the Emperor Augustus, and Publius Vergilius Maro, the poet of the Aeneid and Caesar's enchanter, has been summoned to the palace, where he will shortly die. Out of the last hours of Virgil's life and the final stirrings of his consciousness, the Austrian writer Hermann Broch fashioned one of the great works of twentieth-century modernism, a book that embraces an entire world and renders it with an immediacy that is at once sensual and profound. Begun while Broch was imprisoned in a German concentration camp, The Death of Virgil is part historical novel and part prose poem -- and always an intensely musical and immensely evocative meditation on the relation between life and death, the ancient and the modern."
"9780425203897 When Hatch Harrison is brought back to life in an ambulance, his second chance turns into a nightmarish quest to squelch the evil he brought back with him from the afterlife. Reissue."
9780425197387 A mysterious ship sealed fast in a giant North Atlantic iceberg becomes the cause and focus of Air Force Major Dirk Pett's investigation into international conspiracy and terror.
"9780471272427 A wealth of evidence for doubters and disbelievers ""Whether it's the latest shark cartilage scam, or some new 'repressed memory' idiocy that besets you, I suggest you carry a copy of this dictionary at all times, or at least have it within reach as first aid for psychic attacks. We need all the help we can get."" -James Randi, President, James Randi Educational Foundation, randi.org ""From alternative medicine, aliens, and psychics to the farthest shores of science and beyond, Robert Carroll presents a fascinating look at some of humanity's most strange and wonderful ideas. Refreshing and witty, both believers and unbelievers will find this compendium complete and captivating. Buy this book and feed your head!"" -Clifford Pickover, author of The Stars of Heaven and Dreaming the Future ""A refreshing compendium of clear thinking, a welcome and potent antidote to the reams of books on the supernatural and pseudoscientific."" -John Allen Paulos, author of Innumeracy and A Mathematician Reads the Newspaper ""This book covers an amazing range of topics and can protect many people from being scammed."" -Stephen Barrett, M.D., quackwatch.org Featuring close to 400 definitions, arguments, and essays on topics ranging from acupuncture to zombies, The Skeptic's Dictionary is a lively, commonsense trove of detailed information on all things supernatural, occult, paranormal, and pseudoscientific. It covers such categories as alternative medicine; cryptozoology; extraterrestrials and UFOs; frauds and hoaxes; junk science; logic and perception; New Age energy; and the psychic. For the open-minded seeker, the soft or hardened skeptic, and the believing doubter, this book offers a remarkable range of information that puts to the test the best arguments of true believers."
"9780060177249 After a mysterious stranger promises to end his boredom with a trip to the magical Holiday House, ten-year-old Harvey learns that his fun has a high price"
"9781584794943 A noted chef and a dietician join forces to create one hundred delicious recipes specifically tailored to the needs of those suffering from Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS), featuring an array of dishes for breakfasts, breads, snacks, appetizers, soups, salads, main courses, and desserts, along with information on the syndrome and nutritional and dietary recommendations. Original."
"9780425181645 Examines the science and scientists who provided the backdrop to Einstein's influential 1905 discovery and offers an explanation of the equation from mathematical, historical, and scientific perspectives."
"9780306808906 Distinguished by its precision, its graceful use of language, and its resonant depth, the innovative style of Nobel Prize-winning author Ernest Hemingway (1899-1961) radically altered literary conventions and influenced generations of writers. In The Sun Also Rises, A Farewell to Arms, For Whom the Bell Tolls, The Old Man and the Sea, and numerous short stories, he explored such universal themes as stoicism in adversity, as well as our futile struggles against nature and mortality.This evocative, sympathetic biography illuminates the events that informed Hemingway's vigorous life: an accident-prone youth and early rivalry with his father; his experiences in World War I, the Spanish Civil War, and World War II; his stormy relationships with writers and women; his sudden fame, slow decline, and suicide. Based on previously unavailable information and exclusive interviews, Hemingway enriches anyone's understanding and appreciation of America's most important twentieth-century writer."
"9781590525081 Bestselling author Randy Alcorn uncovers the revolutionary key to spiritual transformation: joyful giving! Jesus' life-changing formula guarantees not only kingdom impact, but immediate pleasure and eternal rewards."
"9780812509670 Originally published as part of The Dark Descent, this splendid collection of horror fiction deals with humanity's most powerful emotions--fear, love, and hope. Writers include Robert Aickman, Philip K. Dick, Charles Dickens, Stephen King, Joyce Carol Oates, Edith Wharton, and others."
"9780449218471 In 1897, four English aristocrats and their Irish servant hazard their lives along with thousands of others in a vain, arduous trek across the Arctic in search of Klondike gold. By the author of the best-seller, Mexico. Reprint."
"9780007179824 The brilliant new novel from the bestselling cult author of them all. Susan and John need to disappear -- Susan and John need to find each other. Meet Susan Colgate -- Miss Wyoming. Winner of a hundred teen pageants, child TV soap star, owner of a hideously pushy mother... and now reduced to small, brainless parts in small, brainless movies. Oh, and sole survivor of Flight 802. If she were to walk away from the wreckage now, before the emergency crews get here, she could disappear and nobody would ever know... Meet John Johnson -- action film producer (Bel Air P. I... um, Bel Air P. I. 2), occasional sado-masochist, junkie. He just died -- but only for 5 minutes. But while he was gone, he saw a vision of a woman's face and realized that it was time to escape, to ditch the baggage of being horny, rich, lonely John Johnson and to lose himself. To disappear. Wouldn't it be nice if they were to find themselves and get together?In many ways a reprise of Girlfriend in a Coma, Miss Wyoming represents a further leap forwards into the World According to Coupland -- a witty, genuinely funny look at who we are, how we can change, and how we can make a difference."
9780261102422 Tolkien's Silmarillion is the core work of the Middle-Earth canon. In this often neglected masterpiece the entire cosmology which is the background to The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings is documented.
"9781857988369 There are seven billion-plus humans crowding the surface of 21st century Earth. It is an age of intelligent computers, mass-market psychedelic drugs, politics conducted by assassination, scientists who burn incense to appease volcanoes ... all the hysteria of a dangerously overcrowded world, portrayed in a dazzlingly inventive style."
"9780446605588 In this ""intriguing"" thriller (People), a New Orleans police officer kidnaps an attorney's wife in an act of revenge -- but he's not expecting the electric attraction between them. Burke Basile is a cop with nothing left to lose. Haunted by his partner's death, the end of his marriage, and the destruction of his career, he targets his nemesis, a flamboyant attorney who helps killers evade justice. Burke's shocking revenge centers around kidnapping Remy, the lawyer's trophy wife. But Burke hasn't planned on the scorching desire he'll feel for this desperate woman, who rose from the slums of New Orleans to marry a man she can never love. Nor can he predict the fierce duel that will explode as the clock ticks toward midnight on Fat Tuesday when all masks will be stripped away -- and Burke will be forced to confront his own terrifying secret."
"9780674002050 Poet and critic are well met, as one of our best writers on poetry takes up one of the world's great poets. Whereas other books on the Nobel laureate Seamus Heaney have dwelt chiefly on the biographical, geographical, and political aspects of his writing, this book looks squarely and deeply at Heaney's poetry as art."
"9781932664591 A hundred years after the Big Wet, Earth has been left a broken, infertile world of rock and sand. The town of Providens is like many others on the post-Big Wet planet—small, mostly illiterate and struggling for survival. But while most communities are like Providens, not all the cities that survived the Big Wet are. Some are like Newbegin, burgeoning metropolises that combine pieces of past societies with the new status quo. When Providens welcomes a stranger named Michael into its midst, will the quiet man lead them to the better world of Newbegin or shatter what little order still exists?"
"9780312135256 Winner of the National Book Award A brilliant literary portrait, Isak Dinesen remains the only comprehensive biography of one of the greatest storytellers of our time. Her magnificent memoir, Out of Africa, established Isak Dinesen as a major twentieth-century author, who was twice nominated for the Nobel Prize. With exceptional grace, Judith Thurman's classic work explores Dinesen's life. Until the appearance of this book, the life and art of Isak Dinesen have been--as Dinesen herself wrote of two lovers in a tale-- ""a pair of locked caskets, each containing the key to the other."" Judith Thurman has provided the master key to them both."
"9781840239249 In this alternative history tale, the British capture the cream of Nazi rocket science at the end of World War Two and create a new British Empire that extends to the moon and beyond; but the road to space is paved with a secret dark enough to bring the empire to its knees."
"9780345479723 Chronicles the life and times of actor Jack Burns, whose unique bond with his mother, Alice, a Toronto tattoo artist, and their search for his missing father, William, shapes his relationships with women and his Hollywood career."
"9780486406541 Excellent prose translation of the ancient epic poem recounts the adventures of Odysseus on his homeward voyage from the Trojan War. The clever hero circumvents the wrath of Poseidon to overcome an incredible array of obstacles, including a fantastic cast of adversaries — Cyclops, the one-eyed giant; the enchantress Circe; plus cannibals, sirens, and many other monstrous creatures. A selection of the Common Core State Standards Initiative."
9780143034605 Sicily's Inspector Salvo Montalbano investigates two seemingly unrelated crimes--the murder of a young Casanova and the mysterious disappearance of an elderly couple during an excursion to Tindari. Original.
"9781563893698 When the Justice League of America sets up headquarters on the moon to protect the Earth, they are surprised to discover the first threat is from another planet."
"9781559210409 Restaurant owner Madam Liang, having sent her three daughters to America to be educated and to escape the coming Communist revolution in China, refuses herself to flee to safety even though her decision could end her life."
"9780373772520 Janna Wayland, the wild stallion Lucifer, and Ty MacKenzie, the stranger who had come for the stallion but stays to capture Janna's heart, join forces to escape from the steep mountains and canyons of the Utah Territory, where El Cascabel and his renegade warriors roam. Reissue."
"9780142300848 Oliver makes friends with Albert, the new boy in class, and they have fun together, playing kickball and collecting bugs. By the creators of Amanda Pig, Schoolgirl. Reprint."
"9781841492056 Orson Scott Card's acclaimed new series following the events of his classic, award-winning Ender saga continues. Bean has narrowly averted total disaster and managed to thwart the plans of Achilles. But Achilles is far from defeated and his final goal - total domination of the Earth - is still well within his grasp. Now Bean must bring all his power and intellect to bear if he is to withstand the rise of the Hegemon. But even one of Ender's greatest generals must realise when he is fighting a battle that cannot possibly be won. For more information on Orson Scott Card and other Orbit authors visit the web-site at www.orbitbooks.co.uk."
"9780552152952 'Death has to happen. Tha'ts what bein' alive is all about. You're alive, and then you're dead. It can't just stop happening.' But it can. And it has. So what happens after death is now less of a philosophical question than a question of actual reality. On the disc, as here, they need Death. If Death doesn't come for you, then what are you supposed to do in the meantime? You can't have the undead wandering about like lost souls. There's no telling what might happen, particularly when they discover that life really is only for the living..."
"9780486424620 Two literary classics of human self-understanding: The Trojan Women, one of the most powerful indictments of war ever written, and Hippolytus, a gripping depiction of the struggle to master human passion."
"9780826407078 Lessing was a playwright, scholar, poet, archeologist, philosopher, and critic. His genius is evident in the works collected in this volume, which includes the comedy Minna von Barnhelm, the tragedy Emilia, Galotti, Nathan the Wise, The Jews (and related correspondence), Ernst and Falk: Conversations for the Freemasons, and selections from philosophical and theological writings"
"9780571207565 Three classic children's stories, Mrs Cherry's Kitchen, The Bed Book and The It Doesn't Matter Suit, collected together in one volume for the first time."
"9780394536491 A mysterious SS man offers an insightful glimpse of the life and career of Adolf Hitler, offering a unique perspective on his family, his childhood and adolescence, and the evolution of the man who became the personification of evil, in a panoramic novel that explores the essence of the struggle between good and evil that exists in us all."
"9788185300535 This collection of the timeless teachings of one of the greatest sages of India, is a testament to the uniqueness of the seer's life and work. The book (now in its ninth printing) continues to draw new audiences and to enlighten anxious seekers for self-realisation. Sri Nisargadatta Maharaj was a teacher who did not propound any ideology or religion but gently unwrapped the mystery of the self. His message is simple, direct and yet sublime. The book preserves his dialogues with the followers who came from around the world seeking guidance in destroying false identities. The sage's sole concern was with human suffering and the ending of suffering. It was his mission to guide the individual to an understanding of his true nature and the timelessness of being. He taught that mind must recognise and penetrate its own state of being, not 'being this or that, here or there, then or now', but just timeless being. This is a legacy from a unique teacher who helps the reader to a clearer understanding of himself."
"9780312981662 In the sprawling, half-timbered mansion in the affluent suburb of Swinly Dean, Aristide Leonides lies dead from barbiturate poisoning. An accident? Not likely. In fact, suspicion has already fallen on his luscious widow, a cunning beauty fifty years his junior, set to inherit a sizeable fortune, and rumored to be carrying on with a strapping young tutor comfortably ensconced in the family estate. But criminologist Charles Hayward is casting his own doubts on the innocence of the entire Leonides brood. He knows them intimately. And he's certain that in a crooked house such as Three Gables, no one's on the level..."
"9780425178928 When a long-lost Raphael resurfaces, the painting triggers a chain of events that range from vandalism to murder, prompting an investigation by English art scholar Jonathan Argyll, who ends up on the run for his life. Reprint."
"9780440201045 Jessica Pruitt, a popular Hollywood actress and aficionado of Shakespeare, is transported to the sixteenth century where she becomes the inspiration behind the great poet's most enigmatic work"
"9781579510022 Is history a vast conspiracy? A cosmic joke? Discover the truth - maybe - in the long-awaited new edition of Robert Anton Wilson's classic cult bestseller The Illuminati Papers. Created as a vehicle to amuse and enlighten, the story of the Illuminati has attracted devoted readers world-wide, who have found in it a perfect metaphor for our times. This edition has a new introduction, cover and layout."
"9780375814686 When sixteen-year-old Beka becomes ""Puppy"" to a pair of ""Dogs,"" as the Provost's Guards are called, she uses her police training, natural abilities, and a touch of magic to help them solve the case of a murdered baby in Tortall's Lower City."
"9780439389846 The truth about Stacey is that she has diabetes. Nobody knows-- except her friends in the Baby-sitters Club. But even they don't know the real truth about Stacey. Stacey's parents are her bigger problem. They won't recognize what she's going through, leaving her feeling more alone than ever."
"9780517168950 Following All the Pretty Horses in Cormac McCarthy's Border Trilogy is a novel whose force of language is matched only by its breadth of experience and depth of thought. In the bootheel of New Mexico hard on the frontier, Billy and Boyd Parham are just boys in the years before the Second World War, but on the cusp of unimaginable events. First comes a trespassing Indian and the dream of wolves running wild amongst the cattle lately brought onto the plain by settlers -- this when all the wisdom of trappers has disappeared along with the trappers themselves. And so Billy sets forth at the age of sixteen on an unwitting journey into the souls of boys and animals and men. Having trapped a she-wolf he would restore to the mountains of Mexico, he is long gone and returns to find everything he left behind transformed utterly in his absence. Except his kid brother, Boyd, with whom he strikes out yet again to reclaim what is theirs thus crossing into ""that antique gaze from whence there could be no way back forever."" An essential novel by any measure, The Crossing is luminous and appalling, a book that touches, stops, and starts the heart and mind at once. ""From the Trade Paperback edition."
"9781587150791 Lord Dunsany was one of the most influential writers of fantasy fiction in 20th century. ""Fifty-One Tales"" (originally published in 1915 and sometimes reprinted under the title ""The Food of Death"") is an ideal introduction to Dunsany."
"9780061140532 Despairing of finding an ideal husband in spite of her attractive looks and intelligence, television producer Amelia Lockwood endures a humiliating year of night classes while reconnecting with a handsome former flame who broke her heart. 35,000 first printing."
"9780299178000 Presents nearly eighty personal letters addressed to the reclusive author of The Catcher in the Rye by such noted authors, editors, journalists, and critics as Frederick Busch, Nicholas Delbanco, Stewart O'Nan, George Plimpton, Melanie Rae Thon, W. P. Kinsella, and others."
"9780679759256 In this funny and chilling novel, the setting is a small town in the 1940s Midwest, and the subject is the heart of a wounded and ferociously moralistic young woman, one of those implacable American moralists whose ""goodness"" is a terrible disease. When she was still a child, Lucy Nelson had her alcoholic failure of a father thrown in jail. Ever since then she has been trying to reform the men around her, even if that ultimately means destroying herself in the process. With his unerring portraits of Lucy and her hapless, childlike husband, Roy, Roth has created an uncompromising work of fictional realism, a vision of provincial American piety, yearning, and discontent that is at once pitiless and compassionate."
"9781844130801 In April 1204, the armies of Western Christendom wrote another bloodstained chapter in the history of holy war. Two years earlier, aflame with religious zeal, the Fourth Crusade set out to free Jerusalem from the grip of Islam. But after a dramatic series of events, the crusaders turned their weapons against the Christian city of Constantinople, the heart of the Byzantine Empire and the greatest metropolis in the known world. The crusaders spared no one in their savagery: they murdered and raped old and young - they desecrated churches, plundered treasuries and much of the city was put to the torch. Some contemporaries were delighted: God had approved this punishment of the effeminate, treacherous Greeks; others expressed shock and disgust at this perversion of the crusading ideal. History has judged this as the crusade that went wrong. In this remarkable new assessment of the Fourth Crusade, Jonathan Phillips follows the fortunes of the leading players and explores the conflicting motives that drove the expedition to commit the most infamous massacre of the crusading movement."
"9780425190371 Sorcery is the legacy of Gillian and Sally Owens, a legacy they both try to escape until they realize their magic is a gift, not an affliction."
"9780618196258 In northern England in 1842, fourteen-year-old Lucas leads a lonely, monotonous existence in the house of his unpleasant guardian until the unexpected arrival of an unusual little girl presages a series of events that completely change his life."
"9780972018418 The popular fitness author explains how to achieve a healthy lifestyle and avoid dieting by planning balanced, nutritious meals and offers 150 nourishing recipes for breakfasts, lunches, dinners, and desserts."
"9780805063899 The sharp social critic and author of Blood Rites looks underneath the illusion of American prosperity at poverty and hopelessness in America. Reprint. 100,000 first printing."
"9780312321185 After a night of indiscriminate partying, Rachel sleeps with a close friend's fianc and is consumed with guilt, until the intensity of her feelings forces her to make a difficult choice. A first novel. 50,000 first printing."
"9780809230419 NATIONAL BESTSELLER ""I am just a common man who is true to his beliefs.""--John Wooden Evoking days gone by when coaches were respected as much for their off-court performances as for their success on the court, Wooden presents the timeless wisdom of legendary basketball coach John Wooden. In honest and telling passages about virtually every aspect of life, Coach shares his personal philosophy on family, achievement, success, and excellence. Raised on a small farm in south-central Indiana, he offers lessons and wisdom learned throughout his career at UCLA, and life as a dedicated husband, father, and teacher. These lessons, along with personal letters from Bill Walton, Denny Crum, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, and Bob Costas, among others, have made Wooden: A Lifetime of Observations and Reflections on and off the Court an inspirational classic."
"9780743471237 Since the beginning of time, the angelic forces of the High Heavens and the demonic hordes of the Burning Hells have been locked in the Eternal Conflict for the fate of all Creation. That struggle has now spilled over into Sanctuary -- the world of men. Determined to win mankind over to their respective causes, the forces of good and evil wage a secret war for mortal souls. This is the tale of the Sin War -- the conflict that would forever change the destiny of man. Bent on destroying the evil cult of the Triune, Uldyssian does not yet suspect that Inarius -- secret Prophet of the Cathedral of Light -- has been subtly aiding his quest. Obsessed with restoring Sanctuary to its former glory, Inarius has been playing Uldyssian against the two great religions in a reckless attempt to topple them both. But another player has slipped back into the equation. The demon Lilith, once Inarius's lover, seeks to use Uldyssian as her own pawn in a scheme to turn humans into an army of naphalem -- godlike beings, more powerful than any angel or demon, who could overturn all Creation and elevate Lilith to supreme being. An original tale of swords, sorcery, and timeless struggle based on the bestselling, award-winning M-rated computer game from Blizzard Entertainment. Intended for mature readers."
"9780060790592 By the Pulitzer Prize-winning author of The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay This P.S. edition features an extra 16 pages of insights into the book, including author interviews, recommended reading, and more."
"9780140714548 Hamlet, Prince of Denmark is faced by a ghost bearing a grim message of murder and revenge, driving the prince to the edge of madness by his struggle to understand the situation and to do his duty."
"9781741044768 This country guide offers down to earth, accurate information for every budget. Includes detailed Getting Started and itinerary chapters, Highlights sections that showcase the country's must-see sights, easy-to-use grid-referenced maps, and chapters on history, culture, food and environment."
"9781580628365 In her poignant work, Jodee Blanco tells how school became a frightening and painful place, where threats, humiliation, and assault were as much a part of her daily experience as bubblegum and lip-gloss were for others. It is an unflinching look at what it means to be an outcast, how even the most loving parents can get it wrong, why schools fail, and how bullying is both misunderstood and mishandled."
"9780679755524 Powerfully written and filled with magnificent vignettes of the daily life of a medieval estate, 'The Son Avenger' suggests a Greek tragedy whose vision of fate coexists with a Christian sense of suffering and forgiveness. And in the somber, twilight figure of 'Olav the Bad, ' Undset has created an antihero as moving as Oedipus or Lear."
"9780140296037 Enjoy an irresistible feast of humour and discover the joys of French rural living with Peter Mayle's bestselling, much-loved account of 'A Year In Provence'. Peter Mayle and his wife did what most of us only imagine doing when they made their long-cherished dream of a life abroad a reality: throwing caution to the wind, they bought a glorious two hundred year-old farmhouse in the Lub�ron Valley and began a new life. In a year that begins with a marathon lunch and continues with a host of gastronomic delights, they also survive the unexpected and often hilarious curiosities of rural life. From mastering the local accent and enduring invasion by bumbling builders, to discovering the finer points of boules and goat-racing, all the earthy pleasures of Proven�al life are conjured up in this enchanting portrait."
"9780425143322 John Kelly, an ordinary man, crosses the lines of justice and morality and becomes the legendary Mr. Clark of the CIA, a man of ruthless and brilliant cunning, whose merciless work during an all-out war game is done with complete human detachment. Reprint."
"9780064406307 'Like Cushman's 1995 Newbery Honor Book, Catherine, Called Birdy, this novel is about a strong young woman in medieval England who finds her own way home. This is a world, like Chaucer's, that's . . . dangerous, primitive and raucous. From the first page you're caught by the spirit of the homeless, nameless waif, somewhere around 12 years old. She gets the village midwife to take her in, befriends a cat, names herself Alyce, and learns something about delivering babies. When she fails, she runs away, but she picks herself up again and returns to work and independence.' --ALA Booklist (starred review). '. . .A fascinating view of a far distant time.' -- The Horn Book (starred review)"
"9781570614590 A collection of twenty comic strips celebrates the Buddhist challenge to overcome one hundred demons in a lifetime with such offerings as ""Dancing,"" ""Dogs,"" and ""Magic,"" which follow the author's misadventures with adolescence, family, and relationships. Teen."
"9780809015450 The Transcendence of the Ego may be regarded as a turning-point in the philosophical development of Jean-Paul Sartre. Prior to the writing of this essay, published in France in 1937, Sartre had been intimately acquainted with the phenomenological movement which originated in Germany with Edmund Husserl. It is a fundamental tenet of Husserl, the notion of a transcendent ego, which is here attacked by Sartre. This disagreement with Husserl has great importance for Sartre and facilitated the transition from phenomenology to the doctrine of Being and Nothingness."
"9780688172244 Kent Weeks made international headlines when, seventy feet below the surface of Egypt's Valley of the Kings he found the largest and most complicated mausoleum yet discovered, the tomb of Ramesses II's sons. Now for the first time, Weeks shares up-to-the-minute details on the thrilling discovery and contemplates what the tomb, called KV5, will reveal as the excavation moves forward. Built in the age of Exodus, the tomb could potentially transform ancient and biblical history. Its lower levels, possibly containing mummies of Ramesses II's sons, may shed new light on many of the mysteries of the Old Testament, including the story of Moses and the flight of the Israelites from Egypt. Weeks draws on his own diaries, as well as those of his wife and his foreman, to describe the excitement and risks that surround such a significant find. From floodwaters that threatened the opened tomb and the precarious craw spaces deep within it, to thieving tourists and scorpions, this adventure is not for the weak of heart. Photographs and sketches illustrate the crew's progress and the objects and decorations found in the tomb's chambers and hallways The result a true-life, impossibly thrilling Raiders of the Lost Arkwill entrance readers from beginning to end."
"9781586633578 A guide to studying British author Mary Shelley's 1818 novel, Frankenstein, featuring a complete plot summary and analysis, character analyses, explanations of key themes, motifs & symbols, and a review quiz."
"9780689822841 Hitty is a doll of great charm and character. It is indeed a privilege to publish her memoirs, which, besides being full of the most thrilling adventures on land and sea, also reveal her delightful personality. One glance at her portrait will show that she is no ordinary doll. Hitty, or Mehitable as she was really named, was made in the early 1800s for Phoebe Preble, a little girl from Maine. Young Phoebe was very proud of her beautiful doll and took her everywhere, even on a long sailing trip in a whaler. This is the story of Hitty's years with Phoebe, and the many that follow in the life of a well-loved doll."
"9780141185323 The story of the Pargiter family - their intimacies and estrangements, anxieties and triumphs - mapped out amongst the bustling rhythms of London's streets during the first decade of the 20th century. The Pargiter children must learn to find their footing in a world of rapidly changing rules."
"9780195061666 At once a vigorous translation of one of Euripides' most subtle and witty plays, and a wholly fresh interpretation, this version reveals for the first time the extraordinary formal beauty and thematic concentration of the Alcestis. William Arrowsmith rejects the standard view of the Alcestis as a psychological study of the egotist Admetos and his naive but devoted wife. His translation, instead, presents the play as a drama of human existence--in keeping with the tradition of Greek tragedy--with recognizably human characters who also represent masked embodiments of human conditions."
"9780719566233 London, 1929. Joseph Waite is a man who knows what he wants. With his Havana cigars and Savile Row suits, he is one of Britain's wealthiest men. And the last thing he needs is a scandal. When his eighteen-year-old daughter runs away from home, he is determined to keep the case away from the police and the newspapers. So he turns to a woman renowned for her discretion and investigative powers - the extraordinary Maisie Dobbs. Immediately sensing the tensions pervading the Waite household, Maisie soon discovers that there are many reasons why Charlotte might have left home. Instinctively Maisie feels that Charlotte is safe. Yet, suddenly, she finds herself confronting a murder scene . . . With wonderful characters and a page-turning plot, Birds of a Feather is a brilliant mystery. Fans of Maisie Dobbs will be delighted to see Maisie's stunning perception and sleuthing abilities back in action, while the emotional heart of her second mystery will appeal to yet more fans."
"9780006496922 Reissue of the author's most famous and well-loved work, the Starbridge series, six self-contained yet interconnected novels that explore the history of the Church of England through the 20th century."
"9780321427137 From Longman's new Cultural Editions Series, Oscar Wilde's The Picture of Dorian Gray, edited by Andrew Elfenbein, includes the novel and contextual materials from the era of Oscar Wilde. This edition of Oscar Wilde's classic work, The Picture of Dorian Gray, highlights the novel's modernity in both its form and its revolutionary content, and traces its links to modernist literature and the culture of modernity alike. Previous editions of the novel have only seen it in a late Victorian context, or as an extension of the aesthetic theories of Walter Pater and the ""art for art's sake"" movement. As presented in this new edition, however, the freshness and originality of the book emerges, along with its strong social messages. The book is a pastiche of genres that propels nineteenth-century realism into twentieth-century modernism ahead of its own time. Wilde's novel offers a myth for modernity whose hold on the cultural imagination has only strengthened over time-Dorian Gray's uncanny bond with his own portrait underscores the loss of selfhood everyone experiences in a world of images and copies, paves the way for the discourses of homosexuality and the understanding of lifestyle as identity so current today, and provides clues to the mysteries of modern ethics and politics. The edition also emphasizes the role of gender and the rise of female emancipation underlying the Sybil Vane subplot, a focus on women that intensifies the book's relevance to modern transformations of men and women alike."
"9780451450647 Spanning Asimov's fifty-year career, this collection of eighteen stories and essays offers a visionary study of humanity's future relationship with robots, including both classic and original pieces, all based on Asimov's three laws of robotics. Reissue."
"9780394758282 Philip Marlowe, a private eye who operates in Los Angeles's seamy underside during the 1930s, takes on his first case, which involves a paralyzed California millionaire, two psychotic daughters, blackmail, and murder"
"9780399154195 Years after an ancient Phoenician statue is stolen from the Baghdad museum, a series of murders sparks interest in the statue's relevance in Austin and Zavala, who lead the NUMA team on a historical investigation into the lost treasures of King Solomon. 650,000 first printing."
"9780140234442 The life and craft of Jack Kerouac are traced through some of his most personal and mesmerizing letters. Written between 1940, when he was a freshman in college, and 1956, immediately before his leap into celebrity with the publication of On the Road, these letters offer valuable insights into Kerouac's family life, friendships with Neal Cassady, Allen Ginsberg, and William S. Burroughs, and others."
"9780345431912 A young prince ventures into a mysterious forest in search of the land of Faerie and of a princess bride, in one of the landmarks of modern fantasy fiction"
"9780449003886 When Madeline Breton is summoned by the wizard Septimus Fitzleger, otherwise known as the Bride Finder, to redeem the mysterious Anatole St. Leger from his isolation in a castle in Cornwall, she becomes ensnared in an illusory world of dark forces"
"9780373638529 When a brutal Tong crime lord and his army invade a sacred pyramid in China, laying claim to a priceless artifact, Kane and his rebels are forced to go up against a four-thousand-year-old evil entity that is more powerful than anything they have ever encountered. Original."
"9780375758737 The noted food critic describes her odyssey from chef to food writer, traces her journey through restaurants from Bangkok to Paris to Los Angeles, and offers colorful anecdotes about her life and encounters with great food."
9780373771257 Some of the world's most priceless artifacts are being smuggled from China into the U.S. An international crisis is about to explode unless a desperate trap to catch a thief succeeds. One woman is the key.
"9780739409558 An epic detailing the Great War of the Ring, a struggle between good and evil in Middle-Earth, in which the tiny Hobbits play a key role."
"9780061131271 One of Charles Bukowski's best, this beer-soaked, deliciously degenerate novel follows the wanderings of aspiring writer Henry Chinaski across World War II-era America. Deferred from military service, Chinaski travels from city to city, moving listlessly from one odd job to another, always needing money but never badly enough to keep a job. His day-to-day existence spirals into an endless litany of pathetic whores, sordid rooms, dreary embraces, and drunken brawls, as he makes his bitter, brilliant way from one drink to the next. Charles Bukowski's posthumous legend continues to grow. Factotum is a masterfully vivid evocation of slow-paced, low-life urbanity and alcoholism, and an excellent introduction to the fictional world of Charles Bukowski."
"9780345468031 Following the death of his longtime mentor, a young historian's peaceful and orderly life is undermined by personal and professional crises when he receives a letter dating back to the Revolutionary War that reveals a scandal that could alter forever American history and joins a committee investigating plagiarism charges against a female biographer who will do anything to stop them. Reprint. 30,000 first printing."
"9780821220801 A bilingual collection of 25 newly translated odes by the century's greatest Spanish-language poet, each accompanied by a pair of exquisite pencil drawings. From bread and soap to a bed and a box of tea, the ""odes to common things"" collected here conjure up the essence of their subjects clearly and wondrously. 50 b&w illustrations."
"9780140436143 The greed of his family has led wealthy old Martin Chuzzlewit to become suspicious and misanthropic, leaving his grandson and namesake to make his own way in the world. And so young Martin sets out from the Wiltshire home of his supposed champion, the scheming architect Pecksniff, to seek his fortune in America. In depicting Martin�s journey � an experience that teaches him to question his inherited self-interest and egotism � Dickens created many vividly realized figures: the brutish lout Jonas Chuzzlewit, plotting to gain the family fortune; Martin�s optimistic manservant, Mark Tapley; gentle Tom Pinch; and the drunken and corrupt private nurse, Mrs Gamp. With its portrayal of greed, blackmail and murder, and its searing satire on America Dickens�s novel is a powerful and blackly comic story of hypocrisy and redemption."
9780140237535 Indhold: A perfect day for bananafish ; Uncle Wiggily in Connecticut ; The laughing man ; Down at the Dinghy ; Just before the war with the Eskimos ; For Esmé - with love and squalor ; Pretty mouth and green my eyes ; De Daumier-Smith's blue period ; Teddy.
"9780140443691 Thirty years later Dimitry Sanin looks back on a passionate attachment, a virtual enslavement, to Madame Polozov, who used his helpless love to humiliate him"
"9780060815523 A sterling collection of the year's most shocking, compelling, and gripping writing about real-life crime, the 2006 edition of The Best American Crime Writing offers fascinating vicarious journeys into a world of felons and their felonious acts. This thrilling compendium includes: Jeffrey Toobin's eye-opening exposé in The New Yorker about a famous prosecutor who may have put the wrong man on death row Skip Hollandsworth's amazing but true tale of an old cowboy bank robber who turned out to be a ""classic good-hearted Texas woman"" Jimmy Breslin's stellar piece about the end of the Mob as we know it"
"9780778322993 A collection of thirty tales of suspense features contributions from Heather Graham, Lincoln Child, Denise Hamilton, Michael Palmer, Douglas Preston, Alex Kava, Michael Palmer, and John Lescroart."
"9780553384284 Over the course of two days, Odd Thomas, his soulmate Stormy Llewellyn, and an assortment of allies make their way through a dark, terrifying world in which past and present, and life and death collide as they try to avert a cataclysm."
"9780767912273 Setting aside her dreams of living a grass-roots life in the English countryside, Alice accepts the proposal of wealthy man-about-town Joe, who shatters Alice's romantic ideals by criticizing her looks and cheating on her before an indiscretion forces them to move to a country house in America. Reprint. 125,000 first printing."
"9781595820938 When a floating city becomes the target of a rash of vampire attacks, only one man can restore the oasis. ""The City,"" a tiny metropolis of a few hundred sheltered citizens floating serenely on a seemingly random course a few feet above the ground, has long been thought safe from the predation of marauding monsters. It seemed like a paradise. A paradise shattered when an invasion of apparent vampires threatens the small haven. While the Vampire Hunter known only as ""D"" struggles to exterminate the scourge, a former denizen of the city, the attractive Raleigh Knight, and the brash John M. Brassalli Pluto VIII seize control of the city lurching it onto a new and deadly course. D's travails are just beginning. * The Vampire Hunter D films are two of the most-popular Japanese anime films released in the United States consistently ranking among the top DVDs sold on amazon.com! FOR MATURE READERS"
"9780375727580 Traces a poor Icelandic farmer's journey to Mormon Utah and back, as he desperately tries to reunite his broken family. By the Nobel Prize-winning author of Independent People. Reprint. 15,000 first printing."
"9780312422325 From the streets of Manhattan to Paris, a poignant memoir explains a series of ingenious and farfetched attempts to survive on next to no money, showing both the humor and desperation of being a ""have not."" Reprint. 15,000 first printing."
"9780007204441 The anarchic, phenomenally strong-selling classic from the godfather of the Beats: revitalised with a cool new jacket. WELCOME TO INTERZONE...Say hello to Bradley the Buyer, the best narcotics agent in the business. Attend international playboy A.J.'s annual party, where the punch is to be treated with extreme caution. Meet Dr 'Fingers' Schafer, the Lobotomy Kid and his giant centipede, 'The Complete American De-anxietized Man.' And enter the dark and infernal mind of Bill Lee as he pursues his daily quest for the ultimate merchandise...Provocative, influential, morbidly fascinating, Naked Lunch is an apocalyptic ride through the darker recesses of the human psyche."
"9780385503952 In 1935 England, thirteen-year-old Briony Tallis witnesses an event involving her sister Cecilia and her childhood friend Robbie Turner, and she becomes the victim of her own imagination, which leads her on a lifelong search for truth and absolution."
"9780553580549 Skeptical about magic, Avalon d'Farouche does not believe her alleged part in a mysterious legend, until Hanoch dies and his son returns from the Crusades to claim what is his--Avalon's heart. Original."
9780786851157 Children will delight in hearing and imagining all the wonderful sleepytime images Mimi's mama recites while tucking Mimi in for a night filled with the sweetest of dreams.
"9781585675753 The fall brings four more antic novels from comic genius, P. G. Wodehouse. In Picadilly Jim (soon to be a major motion picture), Jimmy Crocker has a scandalous reputation on both sides of the Atlantic and must do an about-face to win back the woman of his dreams. Uneasy Money sees the hard-up Lord Dawlish off to America to make a fortune, while in Cocktail Time events turn on the fate of a filmscript. Spring Fever is a light-hearted comedy involving love and various complications."
"9780812973013 A portrait of infectious disease expert Dr. Paul Farmer follows the efforts of this unconventional Harvard genius to understand the world's great health, economic, and social problems and to bring healing to humankind."
"9780425195482 After repeatedly waking up in strange places and not knowing how he arrived there, Frank Pollard enlists the help of Nick and Julie Dakota, a husband-and-wife detective team, to watch where he goes in his sleep. Reissue."
"9780156260404 Virginia Woolf was fifty-four on January 25, 1936, some three weeks after this final volume of her diary opens. Its last page was written four days before she drowned herself on March 28, 1941. Edited by Anne Olivier Bell, assisted by Andrew McNeillie; Index; maps."
"9780449227947 In the conclusion to the serial thriller by the popular horror writer, newspaperman Oliver Metcalf finds the key to the grisly horrors afflicting the New England town of Blackstone in a mysterious package that arrives on his doorstep. Original."
"9780553282801 Writer Gideon Zadok leaves the glitter of Hollywood for the newly created State of Israel, where he learns much about himself and love on a dangerous military operation he covers as a war correspondent"
"9780312990718 At an international conference in Prague, Lt. Col. Jon Smith, an Army research doctor specializing in infectious diseases and secretly an agent attached to Covert-One, is contacted by a Russian colleague, Dr. Valentine Petrenko. Petrenko is concerned about a small cluster of mysterious deaths in Moscow and about the Russian government's refusal to release publicly any information or data on the outbreak. When the two meet, they are attacked by a group of mysterious men and Petrenko is killed, his notes and medical samples are lost, and Smith barely escapes with his life. At the same time, a series of government officials around the world are coming down with a mysterious, fast-acting virus with a 100% fatality rate. These deaths are somehow related to the increasing militarism from the new Russian government, headed by the autocratic and ambitious President Victor Dudarev. With few clues and precious little time, Smith and Covert-One must unravel this mysterious plot and find the mysterious figure who stands at the center of it all..."
"9781401211509 A former field agent for M16, Michael Jones was the first surviving victim of the Desolation Test, a radically dangerous procedure cooked up by the British government. Jones was intravenously kept alive while being force-fed a steady diet of horrific data and images non-stop as stimulants were continuously pumped into his body--keeping him conscious and alert for a solid year. Now retired from the agency, Jones lives in Los Angeles, acting as a private investigator to the secret underground community of ex-spooks who have come in from the cold, and who have no one else to turn to."
"9780380731862 U.S. Marshal Teddy Daniels and his partner, Chuck Aule, come to Shutter Island's Ashecliffe Hospital in search of an escaped mental patient, but uncover true wickedness as Ashecliffe's mysterious patient treatments propel them to the brink of insanity."
"9780142437636 A dying man lies in bed thinking about how he will write a book and grumbling about the pending fall of civilization, in the final novel by the late, National Book Award-winning author of A Frolic of His Own. Reprint."
"9781905177042 When hospital-trained midwife Penny Armstrong takes on a job delivering the babies of the Amish, she discovers an approach to giving birth which would change her life forever. A Midwife's Story is a life-affirming book that never fails to enlighten, inform and surprise. Honest and ultimately very moving, it is inspirational reading for all student midwives and expectant parents."
"9780060088743 1599 was an epochal year for Shakespeare and England Shakespeare wrote four of his most famous plays: Henry the Fifth, Julius Caesar, As You Like It, and, most remarkably, Hamlet; Elizabethans sent off an army to crush an Irish rebellion, weathered an Armada threat from Spain, gambled on a fledgling East India Company, and waited to see who would succeed their aging and childless queen. James Shapiro illuminates both Shakespeare’s staggering achievement and what Elizabethans experienced in the course of 1599, bringing together the news and the intrigue of the times with a wonderful evocation of how Shakespeare worked as an actor, businessman, and playwright. The result is an exceptionally immediate and gripping account of an inspiring moment in history."
9780553212167 The violent lives of three sons are exposed when their father is murdered and each one attempts to come to terms with his own guilt
"9780810117303 Written in the style of a detective novel, The Chain of Chance is classic Lem: a combination of action, hard science, and philosophical investigation. An ex-astronaut is hired to look into the death of a wealthy businessman, one of several men to meet a gruesome end after visiting Naples. The authorities suspect a pattern, but neither the police nor a sophisticated computer enlisted for the investigation can crack the case. On a trail leading from Naples to Rome to Paris, the ex-astronaut barely escapes numerous threats on his life. Having set himself up as a potential victim, he realizes that he may now be the target of a deadly conspiracy - and that the conspiracy is not the work of a criminal mind but a manifestation of the laws of nature. The population has numerically exceeded its critical mass; certain patterns have begun to emerge from the chaotic workings of society. As the ex-astronaut unravels the puzzle, he begins to see that some of those patterns can be fatal."
"9780972016414 Well-versed in the intricacies of the male psyche, the infamous Hollywood Madam offers time-tested strategies and hard-won wisdom on how to survive the love-go-round and come out on top."
"9780345448194 Captures the lives of the inhabitants of a tight-knit, ethnically diverse neighborhood on the Lower East Side of New York, including Nathan, a claustrophobic married man falling for Karoline, a German pastry maker."
"9780373771721 A ringing phone in the middle of the night shakes newlywed Sarah Fontaine awake. Expecting her husband's call from London she hears instead an unfamiliar voice. Nick O'Hara from the U.S. State Department is calling with devastating news: Geoffrey Fontaine, Sarah's husband of two months, died in a hotel fire ... in Berlin. Convinced her husband is still alive, Sarah forces a confrontation with Nick that finds them crisscrossing Europe on a desperate search for Geoffrey. Trying to stay one heartbeat ahead of a dangerous killer, they become quarry in the clandestine world of international espionage, risking everything for answers that may prove fatal."
"9780140280494 In 1937, on the Dominican side of the Haiti border, Amabelle, an orphaned maid to an army colonel's wife, falls in love with Sebastien, an itinerant sugarcane cutter, but their relationship is threatened by the violent persecution of the Haitians. Reprint."
"9781590385814 When Kendra and Seth go to stay at their grandparents' estate, they discover that it is a sanctuary for magical creatures and that a battle between good and evil is looming."
"9780849918728 The author of One Minute Manager, one of the world's most popular management methods, introduces principles for effective leadership that focus on Jesus as a role model, aligning four internal and external domains--the heart, the head, the hands, and the habits."
"9780765309532 Realizing his boyhood dream of moving to the twentieth-century artistic creation of Disney World, Jules becomes incensed by a new group that would change the Hall of Presidents by replacing the audioanimatronics with brain interfaces."
"9780140139396 Bo Mason and his wife and two boys live a transient life of poverty and despair; drifting from town to town, the violent, ruthless Bo seeks his fortune. Stegner has created a masterful, harrowing saga of a family trying to survive during the lean years of the early 20th century."
"9780375727139 When her fiancâe Mike is left paralyzed following a tragic accident, Carrie Bell begins to question her familiar world, from her everyday life in Wisconsin to her relationships, as she sets out to rediscover her own identity."
"9780719045783 The Orientalism debate, inspired by the work of Edward Said, has been a major source of cross-disciplinary controversy. This work offers a re-evaluation of this vast literature of Orientalism by a historian of imperalism, giving it a historical perspective"
"9780887511127 The language young children use is the language they learn. In clear, practical terms, this primer explains how early childhood educators and primary teachers can support the efforts of non-English speaking children in nursery schools, day care centres and classrooms to use -- and learn -- English as a second language. Loaded with ideas and down-to-earth advice from two highly experienced and internationally renowned ESL experts, it's an essential guide to developing a sensitive, welcoming program for all of the world's children."
"9780141184272 Classic fiction. Orlando, deciding not to grow old, pursues his quest for passion, adventure, fulfilment and protracted youth. Chasing a dream through the centuries, he bounds from Elizabethan England and imperial Turkey to the modern world. Will he find happiness with the exotic Russian Princess Sasha? Or is the dashing explorer Shelmerdine the ideal man? And what form will Orlando take on the journey - a nobleman; gypsy; writer? Man or ... woman?"
"9780802141446 One of L.A.'s most notorious gang leaders takes readers inside the world of gang wars, recounting his ascension through the gang hierarchy, surviving attacks by rival gangs, and life in prison."
"9780439485876 Tal has spent his whole life in the darkness. He knows nothing else of the world. Far below the Castle, there lives an Icecarl warrior named Milla. Her fate and Tal's are irreversibly linked. Together they will discover the secrets behind the veil and the forces desperately trying to tear it apart."
"9780007129652 OWN BACK LIMITEDREVENGE ARRANGED, PRICE ACCORDING TO TASK, ALL DIFFICULT TASKS UNDERTAKEN, TREASURE HUNTED, ETC. It seemed like a marvellous scheme at the time! Frank and Jess had set up the business because they needed money - their pocket-money had been stopped just when Frank owed Buster Knell ten pence. Their father had put a quick stop to ERRANDS RUN, so why not try something that was bad instead? Offering to do dreadful things that other people didn't dare to do? So they pinned up the notice on the potting-shed and waited for customers. But of course, nothing's ever THAT straightforward."
"9780515140873 There are lots of reasons to raise the dead-some private, some public. In this case, the feds have a witness who died before he could speak on the record. They want him raised so his testimony can be taken. So here I am, on a plane to Philadelphia, flying off to do my job. But I'm not alone. Micah is with me. Micah, head of the St. Louis wereleopard pard. King to my Queen. The only one of my lovers who can stir my blood with just a glance from his chartreuse cat's eyes. I was happy to have him at my side. Until he mentioned that this will be our first time alone together. No Master Vampire. No Alpha Werewolf. Just me and Micah. And all my fears and doubts..."
"9780393060911 Recounts a turning point in the author's life, an event during which a baseball coach gave him the ball at a key point in a game and conveyed such trust that the author was inspired to perform beyond his own expectations."
"9780715629949 Iphigenia at Aulis dramatises the myth of Iphigenia, the young virgin sacrificed by her father Agamemnon at the start of the expedition against Troy. Produced at the end of the Peloponnesian war, it explores the breakdown of social norms which turns Greeks against Greeks, men against women, and condemns young brides to death. Pantelis Michelakis examines the mythological, socio-political and institutional context, the main themes and major issues in modern criticism, and ends with an outline of performance history and reception."
"9780751504385 Unrivalled monarch of the macabre Stephen King again takes the unsuspecting reader on a fantastic journey through the dark, shadowy areas of our innermost fears. In a bumper collection of truly chilling tales, we meet Gramma, who only wants to hug little George, even after she was dead; The Raft - a primeval sea creature with an insatiable appetite; The Monkey - an innocent-looking toy with sinister powers; the unspeakable horror of The Mist. And there is a gruesome host of other stories, each with the distinctive blend of unimaginable terror and realism that typifies King's writing."
"9780099595816 A brilliant collection of stories from the winner of the Folio Prize A collection of six stories and a novella, CIVILWARLAND IN BAD DECLINE introduces an astonishing new voice in American fiction. George Saunders' vision of America's near future is as black and funny as you can get. He takes us on a trip to the shopping malls and theme parks and enviromental hazards that lie just around the chronological corner, introducing us to gang of misfits and losers struggling to survive in an increasingly haywire world. Saunders' dialogue is superb, his plots marvellously bizarre: he is an original and uniquely American voice destined to become one of the most important literary discoveries of his generation."
"9780141183534 This story grew out of a lecture that Virginia Woolf had been invited to give at Girton College, Cambridge in 1928. It ranges over Jane Austen and Charlotte Bronte, the silent fate of Shakespeare's gifted and imaginary sister, and over the effects of poverty and chastity on female creativity."
"9780887847448 Outlines practical solutions to global food supply problems in the twenty-first century, suggesting relevant ways to address key issues related to food safety, conservation, global trade, and more. Original."
9780375756603 The murder of a Philadelphia politician with a reputation for exposing corruption could lead to scandal when it is discovered that the man had been the victim of blackmail and that police officials may be responsible.
9780070488205 The Blessed Virgin's deliverance of a prophecy to a peasant girl in Fatima in 1914 is followed years later by signs and omens including worldwide droughts and famines that signify its imminent fulfillment
"9780812975932 Seventeen-year-old Manhattan society girl Grady McNeil is free to pursue her illicit romance with Clyde Manzer, a Jewish parking lot attendant from Brooklyn, when her parents decide to leave her alone for the summer. Reprint."
"9780060730550 Joe Simpson and his climbing partner, Simon Yates, had just reached the top of a 21,000-foot peak in the Andes when disaster struck. Simpson plunged off the vertical face of an ice ledge, breaking his leg. In the hours that followed, darkness fell and a blizzard raged as Yates tried to lower his friend to safety. Finally, Yates was forced to cut the rope, moments before he would have been pulled to his own death. The next three days were an impossibly grueling ordeal for both men. Yates, certain that Simpson was dead, returned to base camp consumed with grief and guilt over abandoning him. Miraculously, Simpson had survived the fall, but crippled, starving, and severely frostbitten was trapped in a deep crevasse. Summoning vast reserves of physical and spiritual strength, Simpson crawled over the cliffs and canyons of the Andes, reaching base camp hours before Yates had planned to leave. How both men overcame the torments of those harrowing days is an epic tale of fear, suffering, and survival, and a poignant testament to unshakable courage and friendship."
"9780743470124 Having relocated to an alienating Connecticut suburb after a mugging in her native New York City, wife and mother Kate Klein undertakes a murder investigation during her children's school hours when a local mom is killed."
"9780195135794 This long-awaited second edition of Manic-Depressive Illness will exhaustively review the biological and genetic literature that has dominated the field in recent years, and incorporate cutting-edge research conducted since publication of the first edition. Drs. Frederick Goodwin and Kay Redfield Jamison have updated their surveys of psychological and epidemiological evidence, as well as that pertaining to diagnostic issues, course, and outcome, and they offer practical guidelines for differential diagnosis and clinical management. This book will be a valuable addition to the libraries of psychiatrists and other physicians, psychologists, clinical social workers, neuroscientists, pharmacologists, and the patients and families who live with manic-depressive illness."
9780142003718 A fictionalized account based on the Lewis and Clark expedition to the Pacific Ocean seeks to convey what was happening in the minds of the explorers and to bring life to the collision of white and Native American cultures of the period. Reprint.
"9781593854461 A ChoiceOutstanding Academic Title! A highly practical resource for the classroom, this book offers clear, research-based recommendations for helping students at all grade levels understand and learn from what they read. Explaining the skills and strategies that good readers use to comprehend text, the authors show how to support struggling students in developing these skills. They present a variety of effective assessment procedures, ways to enhance vocabulary instruction and teach students about different text structures, and instructional practices that promote comprehension before, during, and after reading. Special features include discussion questions in every chapter, and reproducible instructional materials and lesson plans."
"9780345435255 John Ross continues his battle with the demonic forces of the Void as Hopewell, Illinois, once again becomes the scene of an epic showdown, while Ross races against time to protect a rare gypsy morph from the legions of darkness. Reissue."
"9780722540404 From the bestselling author of 'Mutant Message Down Under' comes a fabulous tale of aboriginal twins, separated at birth, and the search for their roots that takes them halfway across the world. Marlo Morgan weaves the entrancing story of babies Geoff and Beatrice, who are taken from their mother by Christian missionaries. Geoff is sent to a sheep ranch, where he grows up wild, and is then uprooted to the US by an American minister. Beatrice is brought up by nuns in an Australian orphanage where for 18 years she encounters continual racism. The story follows them as they grow into adults and eventually meet again, to discover the different paths their lives have taken. Eventually both twins are reunited with the ageless values and healing wisdom that is their Aboriginal heritage."
"9780449002988 In the sleepy town of White Falls, Minnesota, Cadillac salesman Dick Lindstrom realizes his dream when he opens Your Oasis on Flame Lake, a tiny cabaret club in his tastefully furnished basement"
"9780716799566 Economics: European Edition is the ideal text for introductory economics, bringing together an international scope of real world examples and economic theory. The text is supported by a number of features to enhance student understanding as well as supplements to consolidate the learning process."
"9780671742515 When a passenger check-in desk shoots through the roof of a terminal at Heathrow Airport in flames, Dirk Gently investigates the cosmic forces at play"
"9780684865522 The author of The Same River Twice recalls his painful but ultimately revealing attempt to return home to the rural hills of Kentucky to give back to his hometown community and to record the personal story of his parents-in-law, Holocaust survivors who had emigrated from Poland in 1946. Reprint."
"9780425213384 The mysterious death of diver Ted Eddings, an investigative reporter, and the murder of a morgue assistant driving her car lead medical examiner Kay Scarpetta, her niece, and police captain Pete Marino on the trail of a deadly supremacist group."
"9780262570213 By closely following Goethe's explanations of the color phenomena, the reader may become so divorced from the wavelength theory--Goethe never even mentions it--that he may begin to think about color theory relatively unhampered by prejudice, ancient or modern. By the time Goethe's Theory of Colours appeared in 1810, the wavelength theory of light and color had been firmly established. To Goethe, the theory was the result of mistaking an incidental result for an elemental principle. Far from pretending to a knowledge of physics, he insisted that such knowledge was an actual hindrance to understanding. He based his conclusions exclusively upon exhaustive personal observation of the phenomena of color. Of his own theory, Goethe was supremely confident: ""From the philosopher, we believe we merit thanks for having traced the phenomena of colours to their first sources, to the circumstances under which they appear and are, and beyond which no further explanation respecting them is possible."" Goethe's scientific conclusions have, of course, long since been thoroughly demolished, but the intelligent reader of today may enjoy this work on quite different grounds: for the beauty and sweep of his conjectures regarding the connection between color and philosophical ideas; for an insight into early nineteenth-century beliefs and modes of thought; and for the flavor of life in Europe just after the American and French Revolutions. The book does not have to be studied to be appreciated. Goethe's subjective theory of colors permits him to speak most persuasively of color harmony and aesthetics. In some readers these notions will evoke a positive response on their merits. Others may regard them as pure fantasy, but savor the grace and style of their exposition. The work may also be read as an accurate guide to the study of color phenomena. Goethe's conclusions have been repudiated, but no one quarrels with his reporting of the facts to be observed. With simple objects--vessels, prisms, lenses, and the like--the reader will be led through a demonstration course not only in subjectively produced colors, but also in the observable physical phenomena of color. By closely following Goethe's explanations of the color phenomena, the reader may become so divorced from the wavelength theory--Goethe never even mentions it--that he may begin to think about color theory relatively unhampered by prejudice, ancient or modern."
"9780140363333 Though no longer a fat girl, Elsie, now fifteen, still has trouble believing anyone could love her and that old fear threatens her relationship with her boyfriend."
9780684842233 Explains the attitudes of the dying toward themselves and others and presents a humane approach to relieving the psychological suffering of the terminally ill and their families
"9780802142719 Mr. Moon attempts to make a grand statement by setting off a bomb, but the bomb explodes with the force of a small balloon, and he dies later when the husband of a woman killed earlier by Moon's carriage throws a bomb into his lap."
"9780758207746 What's a single girl to do when a sexy bad boy comes calling? Foster, Leigh and McCarthy each contribute stories in which the heroines struggle with the prospect of Mr. Right vs. Mr. Right Now."
"9781556525131 ""This anthology of quotations, letters, poems, stories, and essay excerpts—delicately and elegantly illustrated with small silhouettes and old tinted photographs in sepia and pink—celebrates the love affair between women and cats. Insightful gems include “Of course, every cat is really the most beautiful woman in the room”; “Women and cats will do as they please and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea”; and “Flirting, falling, and yawning anywhere, / Like women who want no contract.” Included are selections from Colette, Mark Twain, Eleanor Glyn, Fanny Kemble, Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Amy Lowell, Katherine Mansfield, Dorothy L. Sayers, Rosa Luxemburg, and Hedda Hopper."""
"9780060511135 When an exquisitely crafted, authentic imperial Faberge egg mysteriously shows up at Laurel Swann's home studio, she knows it can only be from one person—her father, who has drifted in and out of her life for as long as she can remember. But this time Jamie Swann leaves her something too many people will kill for. Out of her league and desperate, Laurel is forced to accept help from the very man who is trying to ensnare her father in his own web of double crosses. Cruz Rowan can help her stay alive, but will he do the same for her father? Elizabeth Lowell, writing as Ann Maxwell, deftly combines the nonstop action of a spy thriller with the heart-pounding excitement of true love and adventure."
"9780330351690 Using the true story of a young man, who in 1992 walked deep into the Alaskan wilderness and whose SOS note and emaciated corpse were found four months later, Krakauer explores the obsession which leads some people to explore the outer limits of self, leave civilization behind and seek enlightenment through solitude and contact with nature."
"9780330419154 Michael Moore has established himself as someone who just won't shut up, go away, or otherwise do what political and corporate fat cats would like him to do. He lifts the veil on the people who set themselves up as role models and exposes their vulnerable underbellies."
"9781563050756 A satirical interpretation of the bible features an interpretation of world history from Creation to the modern era, as well as commentary on religion, art, film, literature, television, and other cultural matters"
"9780375700125 Deeply in love with physicist Alice Coombs, professor Philip Engstrand becomes involved in Alice's research into the creation of ""Lack,"" a conscious void in the universe that swallows up things it fancies"
"9781864503821 This guide to the southwest area of France covers the Dordogne, Bordeaux and midi-Pyrenees regions, as well as Lourdes. There are sections on food and wine, chateaux and bastides, as well as a look at the championship surfing along the Atlantic coast, from Lacanau to Biarritz."
"9780553295009 Returning home accompanied by Harlan Boyd, the handsome stranger who witnessed her fiance+a7 dumping her, Sage Tyler asks him to keep her broken engagement a secret from her oil-rich family. Reprint."
9780552999458 Reality television takes a deadly turn when ten contestants in a single house that comes complete with cameras and microphones are suddenly confronted by a murder with absolutely no evidence. Original.
"9780451412355 The only human allowed in the inner circle of the Black Dagger Brotherhood, ex-homicide cop Butch O'Neal, after saving a civilian vampire from the dreaded slayers, is left for dead and only the aristocratic vampire beauty he desires can bring him back. Original."
"9780752857930 Two a.m. in the bitter cold of winter: the young Hispanic man's body is found in a tenement basement. The rope around his neck suggests a clear case of suicide - until the autopsy reveals he'd overdosed on heroin. He was a pusher, and now a thousand questions press down on the detectives of the 87th Precinct. Who set up the phony hanging? Whose fingerprints were on the syringe found at the scene? Who was making threatening phone calls, attempting to implicate Lieutenant Byrnes' teenage son? Somebody is pushing the 87th Precinct hard, and Detective Steve Carella and Lieutenant Pete Byrnes have to push back harder - before a frightening and deadly chain tightens its trip."
"9780751529814 ""Maybe it was a grandparent, or a teacher, or a colleague. Someone older, patient and wise, who understood you when you were young and searching, helped you see the world as a more profound place, gave you sound advice to help you make your way through it. For Mitch Albom, that person was Morrie Schwartz, his college professor from nearly twenty years ago. Maybe, like Mitch, you lost track of this mentor as you made your way, and the insights faded, and the world seemed colder. Wouldn't you like to see that person again, ask the bigger questions that still haunt you, receive wisdom for your busy life today the way you once did when you were younger? Mitch Albom had that second chance. He rediscovered Morrie in the last months of the older man's life. Knowing he was dying, Morrie visited with Mitch in his study every Tuesday, just as they used to back in college. Their rekindled relationship turned into one final ""class"": lessons in how to live.""--Back cover."
"9780060529574 A corporate mole's-eye view of the society in which we all live and toil, creating one of the most entertaining, thought provoking, and just plain funny bodies of work in contemporary letters. Stanley Bing knows whereof he speaks. He has lived the last two decades working inside a gigantic multinational corporation, kicking and screaming all the way up the ladder. He has seen it all -- mergers, acquisitions, layoffs, the death of the three-martini lunch -- and has himself been painfully re-engineered a number of times. He has eaten and drunk way too much, stayed in hotels far too good for him, waited for limousines in the pouring rain, and enjoyed it all. Sort of. Most importantly, Bing has seen management at its best and worst, and has practiced both as he made the transition from an inexperienced player who hated pompous senior management to a polished strategist who kind of sees its point of view now and then. In one essential volume, here is all you need to know to master your career, your life, and when necessary, other weaker life forms."
"9780674990470 Ovid (Publius Ovidius Naso, 43 BCE-17 CE), born at Sulmo, studied rhetoric and law at Rome. Later he did considerable public service there, and otherwise devoted himself to poetry and to society. Famous at first, he offended the emperor Augustus by his Ars Amatoria, and was banished because of this work and some other reason unknown to us, and dwelt in the cold and primitive town of Tomis on the Black Sea. He continued writing poetry, a kindly man, leading a temperate life. He died in exile. Ovid's main surviving works are the Metamorphoses, a source of inspiration to artists and poets including Chaucer and Shakespeare; the Fasti, a poetic treatment of the Roman year of which Ovid finished only half; the Amores, love poems; the Ars Amatoria, not moral but clever and in parts beautiful; Heroides, fictitious love letters by legendary women to absent husbands; and the dismal works written in exile: the Tristia, appeals to persons including his wife and also the emperor; and similar Epistulae ex Ponto. Poetry came naturally to Ovid, who at his best is lively, graphic and lucid. The Loeb Classical Library edition of Ovid is in six volumes."
"9780806523705 Tracing the history of the papacy from ancient times to the present day, this illuminating study features detailed profiles of each pope, describing the events of their reign, their role in relation to Catholic doctrine, their accomplishments and failures, and other aspects of each man who ruled the Vatican."
"9780425199435 London's high society goes to the Glass House to indulge their vices, and when one of them is found floating in the Thames, Captain Lacey uncovers jealousy and murder, as well as a few secrets of his own, while searching for justice. Original."
"9780471133124 A study of crowd behavior includes two landmark books of the past, Extraordinary Popular Delusions and the Madness of Crowds and Confusions de Confusions, that show how markets are shaped by the fluctuations of mob psychology. Reprint."
"9780060609177 Of the many recent books on the historical Jesus, none has explored what the latest biblical scholarship means for personal faith. Now, in Meeting Jesus Again for the First Time, Marcus Borg addresses the yearnings of those who want a fully contemporary faith that welcomes rather than oppresses our critical intelligence and openness to the best of historical scholarship. Borg shows how a rigorous examination of historical findings can lead to a new faith in Christ, one that is critical and, at the same time, sustaining. ""Believing in Jesus does not mean believing doctrines about him,"" Borg writes. ""Rather, it means to give one's heart, one's self at its deepest level, to . . . the living Lord."" Drawing on his own journey from a naive, unquestioning belief in Christ through collegiate skepticism to a mature and contemporary Christian faith, Borg illustrates how an understanding of the historical Jesus can actually lead to a more authentic Christian life—one not rooted in creeds or dogma, but in a life of spiritual challenge, compassion, and community. In straightforward, accessible prose, Borg looks at the major findings of modern Jesus scholarship from the perspective of faith, bringing alive the many levels of Jesus' character: spirit person, teacher of alternative wisdom, social prophet, and movement founder. He also reexamines the major stories of the Old Testament vital to an authentic understanding of Jesus, showing how an enriched understanding of these stories can uncover new truths and new pathways to faith. For questioning believers, doubters, and reluctant unbelievers alike, Meeting Jesus Again for the First Time frees our understanding of Jesus' life and message from popular misconceptions and outlines the way to a sound and contemporary faith: ""For ultimately, Jesus is not simply a figure of the past, but a figure of the present. Meeting that Jesus—the living one who comes to us even now—will be like meeting Jesus again for the first time."""
"9780575073357 It is 1962 and the Second World War has been over for seventeen years: people have now had a chance to adjust to the new order. But it¿s not been easy. The Mediterranean has been drained to make farmland, the population of Africa has virtually been wiped out and America has been divided between the Nazis and the Japanese. In the neutral buffer zone that divides the two superpowers lives the man in the high castle, the author of an underground bestseller, a work of fiction that offers an alternative theory of world history in which the Axis powers didn¿t win the war. The novel is a rallying cry for all those who dream of overthrowing the occupiers. But could it be more than that? Subtle, complex and beautifully characterized, The Man in the High Castle remains the finest alternative world novel ever written, and a work of profundity and significance."
"9780563486497 ""Doctor Who"" fans might believe they know everything about the latest incarnation of BBC-TVUs SF series, but this book shows just how much they've missed. Pre-production drawings and paintings, countless behind-the-scenes candid shots, and comments and opinions from everyone involved provide the scoop on the how, why, who, and where of all things ""Doctor Who."""
"9780099472636 Luke Skywalker and his wife, Mara, get a strange message from the Chiss: Come and get the remains of the mysterious Outbound Flight Project. But there is more than meets the eye to this unexpected gift, as the newlyweds come face to face with the past! For someone is still alive in the Outbound Flight ships, and they're not interested in visitors. Plus there's at least one imposter along on the mission, and maybe more, and it will be up to Luke and Mara to uncover all the secrets and prevent another war from breaking out."
"9780739423851 Howl's moving castle - Eldest of three sisters, in a land where it is considered to be a misfortune, Sophie is resigned to her fate as a hat shop apprentice until a witch turns her into an old woman and she finds herself in the castle of the greatly feared Wizard Howl. Castle in the air - Having long indulged himself in daydreams more exciting than his mundane life as a carpet merchant, Abdullah unexpectedly purchases a magic carpet and his life changes dramatically as his daydreams come true and"
"9780007154845 A mysterious stranger appears at a New Year's Eve party, becoming the enigmatic sleuthing sidekick to the snobbish Mr Satterthwaite... So far, it had been a typical New Year's Eve house party. But Mr Satterthwaite - a keen observer of human nature - sensed that the real drama of the evening was yet to unfold. So it proved when a mysterious stranger arrived after midnight. Who was this Mr Quin? And why did his presence have such a pronounced effect on Eleanor Portal, the woman with the dyed-black hair?"
"9780451208705 Just before World War I, two men--one a noble Russian emissary, the other a denizen of Europe's underground--set in motion a concatenation of world-shaking, ultimately fatal events."
"9780743477550 In Othello, Shakespeare creates powerful drama from a marriage between the exotic Moor Othello and the Venetian lady Desdemona that begins with elopement and mutual devotion and ends with jealous rage and death. Shakespeare builds many differences into his hero and heroine, including race, age, and cultural background. Yet most readers and audiences believe the couple's strong love would overcome these differences were it not for Iago, who sets out to destroy Othello. Iago's false insinuations about Desdemona's infidelity draw Othello into his schemes, and Desdemona is subjected to Othello's horrifying verbal and physical assaults. The authoritative edition of Othello from The Folger Shakespeare Library, the trusted and widely used Shakespeare series for students and general readers, is now available as an ebook. Features include: · The exact text of the printed book for easy cross-reference · Hundreds of hypertext links for instant navigation · Freshly edited text based on the best early printed version of the play · Full explanatory notes conveniently placed on pages facing the text of the play · Scene-by-scene plot summaries · A key to famous lines and phrases · An introduction to reading Shakespeare’s language · Illustrations from the Folger Shakespeare Library’s vast holdings of rare books · An essay by a leading Shakespeare scholar providing a modern perspective on the pla"
9780618074518 The classic novel by the author of Diamond Dust evokes the traumatic history of India after the departure of the British in a story of a Hindu family in Old Delhi and the complex relationships that develop among four people. Reprint.
"9780821758267 When Miss Minerva Potts called off her engagement to the self-absorbed Lord Whithall, she vowed not to marry at all. Then, she met Chadwick Brumfield, Earl of Rossland. Known as the Devil's Delight, the charming earl had a reputation so scandalous, Minerva was certain she would never lose her heart to him--but she was wrong."
9781842163863 Dorian remembered the wish he had made at Basil's. He had said that he wished the portrait would grow old and ugly while he remained young and beautiful. But could such things come true? Dorian didn't think so. But what about the portrait? It had changed.
"9780812551235 Once every generation, the two worlds of Clandair and Iomard magically move together, allowing people with special talents to walk between the worlds, but when young Cymel sees a strange wizard hovering in the air, she realizes the danger that threatens. Reprint."
"9780060838591 Simon Winchester, New York Times bestselling author of The Professor and the Madman, examines the legendary annihilation in 1883 of the volcano-island of Krakatoa, which was followed by an immense tsunami that killed nearly forty thousand people. The effects of the immense waves were felt as far away as France. Barometers in Bogotá and Washington, D.C., went haywire. Bodies were washed up in Zanzibar. The sound of the island's destruction was heard in Australia and India and on islands thousands of miles away. Most significant of all -- in view of today's new political climate -- the eruption helped to trigger in Java a wave of murderous anti-Western militancy among fundamentalist Muslims, one of the first outbreaks of Islamic-inspired killings anywhere. Krakatoa gives us an entirely new perspective on this fascinating and iconic event. This P.S. edition features an extra 16 pages of insights into the book, including author interviews, recommended reading, and more."
"9780140284126 Michael Hordern stars as Jeeves with Richard Briers as Bertie in a BBC Radio full-cast dramatization. Just when Bertie thinks that all's right with the world, there's young Bingo Little, who's in love for the umpteenth time and needs Bertie to put in a good word for him with his uncle; Aunt Agatha, who forces Bertie to get engaged to the formidable Honoria Glossop; and friction in the Wooster home over a red cummerbund, purple socks and some snazzy old Etonian spats. Only the inimitable Jeeves can save the day."
"9780671732486 Carlos recollects more of the teachings of Don Juan, including the true importance and meaning of sorcery and magic, and the illusory nature of all realities"
"9781419954481 Allergic to Love By Anna J. Evans Marcus Ashton is a werewolf searching for his one true mate. He's had his share of fantasies about the perfect woman, but none of them involved severe canine allergies or a colleague out to get him fired. Ella Bradley has had enough of controlling men and no amount of chemistry is going to change her mind, especially when she suspects the dangerously handsome Marcus of slipping libido-enhancing drugs into her cocoa. These two would-be lovers have less than twelve hours to clear up a major biological roadblock and a little human misunderstanding, or they may find themselves permanently allergic to love. Blind Date By Elisa Adams Ruthie Ryan has been unlucky in love. Her recent dates have all been complete disasters. There's only one man she's ever met who really gets her - but he's out of the question. He's her best friend. Mike wants more than friendship with Ruthie, but she doesn't believe him. Sick of waiting for her to take him seriously, he sets up a night of pure romantic fantasy in the guise of a blind date. He knows what she wants and he plans to use the knowledge to his advantage. They belong together and he has one night touse every sensual weapon in his arsenal to prove it. Eclipse By Denise A Agnew New Orleans.Halloween. A blood red eclipse will cover this night. . . Dawn went to the Den of Wolves, certain she could save her wayward sister from immortality. She knew only one man could help her-Niall Machaire. The man her sister had loved and left ten years ago. Something isn't quite right about Niall, but she isn't certain what it is. . . What is he? Dawn feared the primal, unstoppable craving she experienced for the gorgeous man. When he saves her life, and she awakens naked in his bed, she discovers his help may cost an immortal price. Genesis By B.J. McCall The deadly Purge has passed. Dr. Tria Anara and four young women are all that is left of the Zyrai people. Without compatible male seed, the Zyrai race is doomed to"
"9781400078479 The epitome of a group of women's ideals about love, fatherhood, and friendship, wealthy hotel owner Bill Cosey finds his life compromised by his troubled past and his feelings about a spellbinding woman named Celestial. Reader's Guide available. Reprint. 200,000 first printing."
"9780375759864 Recounts the search for a long-lost masterpiece by Italian Baroque master Michelangelo Caravaggio, following a young graduate student across hundreds of years and four countries to uncover the mystery of ""The Taking of Christ."""
9780060515195 Fat Charlie Nancy's normal life ended the moment his father dropped dead on a Florida karaoke stage. Charlie didn't know his dad was a god. And he never knew he had a brother. Now brother Spider's on his doorstep—about to make Fat Charlie's life more interesting . . . and a lot more dangerous.
"9780896087644 ""Explores transracial adoption from adopted adults' perspectives using memoir, reflective/analytical essays, poetry, artwork, film critique, psychology, sociology, critical race, reproductive justice, more. Discusses reasons children become available forinternational adoption (war, poverty, structural inequities), ramifications of the colorblind ideal for adoptees (dealing with racism, cultural alienation, emotional isolation)""--Provided by publisher."
"9781400062454 Explores prions, enigmatic brain proteins, and their influence on human life, examining the case of an Italian family victimized for two centuries by a fatal familial insomnia, and the links between prions and various brain maladies."
"9780679783398 Six works selected from Nietzsche's writings, including ""The Birth of Tragedy,"" ""Beyond Good and Evil,"" and ""On the Genealogy of Morals"" reflect the philosopher's critique of Western morality and insights into Christianity and art."
"9780553157161 Oscar spends the summer with his inventor cousin traveling around the United States in a Picklemobile eating chicken in the bag to win a contest, while being pursued by an angry woman with mystical powers, who is also determined to win the contest."
"9780451528551 A classic novel of the future follows the Time Traveller as he hurtles one million years into the future and encounters a world populated by two distinct races, the childlike Eloi and the disgusting Morlocks who prey on the Eloi. Reprint."
"9780679767091 A study of the life and works of one of America's finest poets is set against the social, cultural, and political backdrop of his time, offering new insights into his poetry, ideas, and imagery"
9780140139402 Retired literary agent Joe Allston passes through life as a spectator until he discovers the journals of a trip he took to his mother's birthplace years before.
"9781419950582 ""Elgin Collier, AKA Gillian Shelby, is the world's most popular women's erotica author. She has wealth, success and now apparently a stalker who may already have committed murder. Sheila Forbes, Elgin's publisher and best friend hires Campbell Harm, head of Harm's Way Security to protect her and find the stalker. It's hate at first sight for these strong-willed, independent people. He thinks she's a """"pornographer"""" and she thinks he's a """"knuckle-dragging Neanderthal."""" Sparks fly from their first meeting."""
"9780345486479 Candy Raye Montana gets more than she had bargained for when she signs up with the House of Homicide, the hottest recording label on the east coast, and its CEO ""Hurricane"" Jackson, a man as talented as he is cruel, who gives her a painful lesson in the price of success. By the author of G-Spot. Original. 50,000 first printing."
"9780747544210 Based on hundreds of interviews with directors such as Coppola, Scorsese, Hopper and Spielberg, as well as producers, stars, studio executives, writers, spouses, ex-spouses, and girlfriends, this is the story of the crazy world that the directors ruled. Originally published in 1998."
"9780140448078 In a new translation of the comic classic of Russian literature, Chichikov, an enigmatic stranger and schemer, buys deceased serfs' names from their landlords' poll tax lists hoping to mortgage them for profit and to reinvent himself as a gentleman. Reprint."
"9780143038313 Visiting a prisoner to inform him that his reprieve has been denied and that his execution is scheduled for the next day, Inspector Maigret listens to the condemned man's story, undertaking a personal investigation that leads him to the Guinguette à Deux Sous, a bar by the Seine, and into the seamy underbelly of bourgeois Paris. Reprint."
9780802134905 Gathers the Nobel Prize winning poet and dramatist's short prose into one volume that affords the reader a view of Beckett's development as an artist
"9780375421051 A collection of essays by the late cultural critic explores great works of music and literature produced by Beethoven, Schoenberg, Mann, Cavafy, Beckett, Gould, Straus, Genet, and others at the end of their creative lives, analyzing how these works differed from previous ones and what they reveal about each musician's or writer's artistic evolution. 15,000 first printing."
"9780743272773 Donna Dale Carnegie, daughter of the late motivational author and teacher Dale Carnegie, brings her father’s time-tested, invaluable lessons to the newest generation of young women on their way to becoming savvy, self-assured friends and leaders. How to Win Friends and Influence People for Teen Girls offers concrete advice on teen topics such as peer pressure, gossip, and popularity. Teen girls will learn the most powerful ways to influence others, defuse arguments, admit mistakes, and make self-defining choices. The Carnegie techniques promote clear and constructive communication, praise rather than criticism, emotional sensitivity, tolerance, and a positive attitude—important skills for every girl to develop at an early age. Of course, no book for teen girls would be complete without taking a look at how to maintain friendships with boys and deal with commitment issues and break-ups with boyfriends. Carnegie also provides solid advice for older teens beginning to explore their influence in the adult world, such as driving and handling college interviews. Full of fun quizzes, “reality check” sections, and true-life examples, How to Win Friends and Influence People for Teen Girls offers every teenage girl candid, insightful, and timely advice on how to influence friends in a positive manner."
"9780143037439 A collection of fourteen stories includes ""The Kind Assassin,"" in which a radio shock jock sets a world record; ""Dogology,"" in which an obsessed woman loses sight of her identity; and the title story, in which a man wins a vicious African cat in a bet."
"9780316926607 A ""lavishly entertaining"" (Publishers Weekly) distillation of Waugh's genius--abundant evidence that one of the twentieth century's most admired and enjoyed English novelists was also a master of the short form. Evelyn Waugh's short fiction reveals in miniaturized perfection the elements that made him the greatest satirist of the twentieth century. The stories collected here range from delightfully barbed portraits of the British upper classes to an alternative ending to Waugh's novel A Handful of Dust; from a ""missing chapter"" in the life of Charles Ryder, the nostalgic hero of Brideshead Revisited, to a plot-packed morality tale that Waugh composed at a very tender age; from an epistolary lark in the voice of ""a young lady of leisure"" to a darkly comic tale of scandal in a remote (and imaginary) African outpost."
"9781573225052 After spending months as a fire lookout on a remote mountain, Jack Duluoz returns to his life in San Francisco and discovers how his isolation has affected his life. As he hitches, walks, and talks his way across the world, Duluoz perceives the angel that is in everything. It is life as he sees it."
"9780312183011 A self-proclaimed member of Generation X examines what is on the radio day-by-day and how she as an audience interacts with it from morning to night, in a car, at home, and in the office"
"9780199296095 The revised edition of this highly successful text provides a clear and accessible introduction to some of the most important questions of political philosophy. Organized around major issues, Wolff provides the structure that beginners need, while also introducing some distinctive ideas of his own."
"9780141001876 A collection of poignant love letters between Jack Kerouac and Joyce Glassman reveals a tender, loving side to a writer famous for his rough exterior and moody ways. Reprint."
"9780618710508 A novel based on the real-life incident of the Mier Expedition, one of the most tragic events in Texas history, follows two young men on an expedition to the Mexican border, during which they are captured in a raid on the Mexcian village of Mier and end up as pawns in an international chess game that will determine the fate of Texas. Reader's Guide available. Reprint."
"9780767901574 Drawing on three decades of learning from the spiritual masters of Asia, an American lama illuminates the sacred wisdom and practices of Buddhism and shows readers how to integrate them into their lives, relationships, and careers. Reprint. $50,000 ad/promo. Tour."
"9781586633790 Get your ""A"" in gear! They're today's most popular study guides-with everything you need to succeed in school. Written by Harvard students for students, since its inception SparkNotes™ has developed a loyal community of dedicated users and become a major education brand. Consumer demand has been so strong that the guides have expanded to over 150 titles. SparkNotes'™ motto is Smarter, Better, Faster because: · They feature the most current ideas and themes, written by experts. · They're easier to understand, because the same people who use them have also written them. · The clear writing style and edited content enables students to read through the material quickly, saving valuable time. And with everything covered--context; plot overview; character lists; themes, motifs, and symbols; summary and analysis, key facts; study questions and essay topics; and reviews and resources--you don't have to go anywhere else!"
"9780345437839 When her ""deceased"" con man husband turns up after being declared dead in a plane crash, he's threatening to blackmail Rhoda Lorton, who has since married a millionaire. Reissue."
"9781853260216 Introduction and Notes by Doreen Roberts, Rutherford College, University of Kent at Canterbury. 'Tom Jones' is widely regarded as one of the first and most influential English novels. It is certainly the funniest. Tom Jones, the hero of the book, is introduced to the reader as the ward of a liberal Somerset squire. Tom is a generous but slightly wild and feckless country boy with a weakness for young women. Misfortune, followed by many spirited adventures as he travels to London to seek his fortune, teach him a sort of wisdom to go with his essential good-heartedness. This 'comic, epic poem in prose' will make the modern reader laugh as much as it did his forbears. Its biting satire finds an echo in today's society, for as Doris Lessing recently remarked ""This country becomes every day more like the eighteenth century, full of thieves and adventurers, rogues and a robust, unhypocritical savagery side-by-side with people lecturing others on morality"". AUTHOR: Henry Fielding (1707-1754) was an English novelist; building on the foundations put in place by Daniel Defoe and others, he was a major contributor to the form of the modern novel. He wrote four novels, of which the most enduring is 'The History of Tom Jones, a Foundling', widely regarded as among the finest books ever written."
"9780140250916 An exploration of the battle against microbes, based on research in virology, molecular biology, disease ecology, and medicine, examines the current outbreak of infectious diseases and outlines what can be done to prevent the coming plague"
"9780374528539 A lighthearted but insightful guide to raising adolescent children shows parents how to deal with teenagers living in a faster-paced, less morally certain world than the one they knew. Original. 50,000 first printing."
"9781421505053 Follows the adventures of half-boy, half-girl martial artist Ranma, whose transforming gender problems began at the Accursed Springs in China when he became cursed to turn into a girl when splashed with cold water, and back into a boy with hot water."
9780330301749 When Bill comes home with a strange guest it proves to be the beginning of an adventure involving a travelling circus and a castle with secret passages.
"9780192835093 Dostoevsky's last and greatest novel, The Karamazov Brothers (1880) is both a brilliantly told crime story and a passionate philosophical debate. The dissolute landowner Fyodor Pavlovich Karamazov is murdered; his sons--the atheist intellectual Ivan, the hot-blooded Dmitry, and the saintly novice Alyosha--are all involved at some level. Brilliantly bound up with this psychological drama is Dostoevsky's intense and disturbing exploration of many deeply felt ideas about the existence of God, freedom of will, the collective nature of guilt, and the disastrous consequences of rationalism. Filled with eloquent voices, this new translation fully realizes the power and dramatic virtuosity of Dostoevsky's most brilliant work. About the Series: For over 100 years Oxford World's Classics has made available the broadest spectrum of literature from around the globe. Each affordable volume reflects Oxford's commitment to scholarship, providing the most accurate text plus a wealth of other valuable features, including expert introductions by leading authorities, voluminous notes to clarify the text, up-to-date bibliographies for further study, and much more."
"9780253203182 ""... not merely interesting and novel, but also exceedingly provocative and heuristically fertile."" —The Review of Metaphysics ""... essential reading for anyone interesting in... the new reader-centered forms of criticism."" —Library Journal In this erudite and imaginative book, Umberto Eco sets forth a dialectic between 'open' and 'closed' texts."
"9780340766187 This is the story of three weeks of fanaticism, passion, self-sacrifice and heartbreak in Tehran in February 1979. Caught between the revolutionaries and the forces of international intrigue is a team of professional pilots. Two of them have Iranian wives they love beyond safety and politics."
"9780312315733 A group of young suburban parents, including a stay-at-home dad, a former feminist, and an obssessive-compulsive mom, finds its sleepy existence shattered when a convicted child molester moves back into town and two of the parents have an affair."
"9780786809967 Jeremy Heere is your average high school dork. Day after day, he stares at beautiful Christine, the girl he can never have, and dryly notes the small humiliations that come his way. Until the day he learns about the ""squip."" A pill-sized supercomputer that you swallow, the squip is guaranteed to bring you whatever you most desire in life. By instructing him on everything from what to wear, to how to talk and walk, the squip transforms Jeremy from Supergeek to superchic."
"9780060955427 ""Mark Twain's autobiography is a classic of American letters, to be ranked with the autobiographies of Benjamin Franklin and Henry Adams.... It has the marks of greatness in it--style, scope, imagination, laughter, tragedy.""--From the Introduction by Charles Neider Mark Twain was a figure larger than fife: massive in talent, eruptive in temperament, unpredictable in his actions. He crafted stories of heroism, adventure, tragedy, and comedy that reflected the changing America of the time, and he tells his own story--which includes sixteen pages of photos--with the same flair he brought to his fiction. Writing this autobiography on his deathbed, Twain vowed to he ""free and frank and unembarrassed"" in the recounting of his life and his experiences. Twain was more than a match for the expanding America of riverboats, gold rushes, and the vast westward movement, which provided the material for his novels and which served to inspire this beloved and uniquely American autobiography."
"9781580175203 The Pilgrims drank cider as they sailed to America aboard the Mayflower. John Adams had a tankard of cider every morning at breakfast. After a long day on safari, Ernest Hemingway liked to kick back beside the campfire with a glass of cider. And Robert Frost saluted his favorite beverage with a poem titled ?In A Glass of Cider.? Neck and neck with brewing beer at home is the resurgence of making cider. Whether sweet, hard, blended, or sparkling, trend watchers say cider, once the preferred beverage of early America, could very well become the drink of the future. (Hard cider is the fastest growing segment of the beverage industry.) Keeping pace with the commercial cider producers are small-scale and individual cider makers who have discovered how easy it is to make their own. After all, the only ingredient you need is an apple. In this updated edition of Cider, Annie Proulx and Lew Nichols take you step-by-step through the process that renders fruit into a refreshing drink. In addition to learning about the equipment you?ll need to make a glorious cider, Proulx and Nichols also discuss the pros and cons of various types of apple presses ? from traditional heavy grinders to sleek hydraulic presses. You?ll also learn about the glass bottles vs. wooden barrels debate; how to filter, fine, and rack your cider; and where and how to store it. Proulx and Nichols provide detailed recipes for making six types of cider: still, sparkling, champagne, barrel, French, and flavored, with advice on which apples to use to achieve a tart, aromatic, astringent, or neutral quality in your cider. In fact, this book is brimming with expert advice on cidermaking. If you want to plant your own apple orchard, this book has an entire chapter that lists which cultivars of apples thrive in which parts of the United States and Canada, along with each cultivar?s characteristics and when it is ready for harvesting. Another chapter explains how to care for an orchard, from improving the soil to pruning and thinning the trees to fighting off pests and wildlife. Once a cidermaker has learned how to make excellent cider, he or she is likely to look for further fields t o explore. With that in mind, the authors include a chapter on making cider vinegars and brandy and using cider in cooking. Finally, Proulx and Nichols walk you through the latest federal regulations covering the production and sale of homemade cider in the United States and Canada, and they familiarize you with the kind of impact state and provincial laws can make.The clear, simple language, numerous illustrations, and detailed step-by-step directions make it easy for even novices to become skilled cidermakers. This revised edition of the classic handbook is a complete guide for anyone who wants to discover the pleasure of making ? and drinking ? fresh cider."
"9780600601166 This new report includes previously unpublished data and personal accounts from women in the UK and Commonwealth. The original ""Hite Report on Female Sexuality"" was based on samples of women exclusively in the USA. First published in 1976, it explored women's feelings about sex and has had a profound influence on generations of readers. In it, women between the ages of 14 and 78 described their most intimate feelings and answered questions about orgasm, masturbation and their sexual desires. This book brings Shere Hite's thinking to a new generation of women and draws conclusions based on up-to-date and relevant worldwide findings to one of the most probing surveys ever undertaken."
"9780060887964 ""My heart is afraid that it will have to suffer,"" the boy told the alchemist one night as they looked up at the moonless sky."" Tell your heart that the fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself. And that no heart has ever suffered when it goes in search of its dreams."" Every few decades a book is published that changes the lives of its readers forever. The Alchemist is such a book. With over a million and a half copies sold around the world, The Alchemist has already established itself as a modern classic, universally admired. Paulo Coelho's charming fable, now available in English for the first time, will enchant and inspire an even wider audience of readers for generations to come. The Alchemist is the magical story of Santiago, an Andalusian shepherd boy who yearns to travel in search of a worldly treasure as extravagant as any ever found. From his home in Spain he journeys to the markets of Tangiers and across the Egyptian desert to a fateful encounter with the alchemist. The story of the treasures Santiago finds along the way teaches us, as only a few stories have done, about the essential wisdom of listening to our hearts, learning to read the omens strewn along life's path, and, above all, following our dreams."
"9781416501626 USA Today bestselling author Julie Leto launches a caliente new series featuring a sexy, Latina bounty hunter with an appetite for danger and an insatiable thirst for the man she's hunting down: her ex. When Marisela Morales sets out to stop her ex-boyfriend Francisco Vega from skipping out on bail, she has a secret agenda: revenge. She hasn't seen Frankie in ten years, and back then, he broke her heart, choosing his gang over his girl. So when she tracks him down in their old haunt, a hot dance club in Tampa, she sets about seducing him into her trap. Frankie has a secret agenda, too, and Marisela soon faces a tough choice: continue drifting through her twentysomething life -- hitting the same town with the same girlfriends every weekend while struggling to find a job and pay the rent -- or dive headfirst into danger with her ex. Frankie operates in a treacherous underworld full of arms dealers, assassins, and sinister agendas -- a world overrun with people keeping dirty little secrets -- and only Marisela has the cojones to fight her way to the truth. Sexy, sultry, and action-packed, Dirty Little Secrets is a thrilling adventure in manhunting of the most dangerous kind."
"9780131871656 This introduction to astronomy features an exceptionally clear writing style, an emphasis on critical thinking and visualization, and a leading-edge technology program-including an accompanying full-featured electronic multimedia version of the book and companion Web site. A dynamic art program includes numerous radio, infrared, ultraviolet, X-ray, and gamma-ray images and transparent full-color overlays. The book presents scientific literacy in the context of astronomy, with the aim of teaching studentsto think critically and analytically about the physical world and the development of science. The text requires a minimum level of simple algebra and trigonometry. It presents an explanation of key physical principles and techniques like Kepler and Newton's laws, spectroscopy and distance measurement (the cosmic distance ladder is used throughout)."
"9780451219244 Entertainment agent Myron Bolitar offers a ride home to a young girl to prevent her from accepting a ride from a drunk driver, but when the girl disappears, he is forced to rescue her to prove his innocence."
"9781414306346 Provides a Christian interpretation of the first six books, arguing that the series supports biblical teaching as opposed to the practice of the occult, and offers insights into character names, imagery, and themes."
"9781880656419 Artist-writer-director-producer Hayao Miyazaki is often called ""the Walt Disney of Japan."" His animated theatrical features have been smash hits in Japan, and many, including My Neighbor Totoro and Kiki's Delivery Service, are already familiar to American audiences. Now, with Disney-Miramax's imminent release of Princess Mononoke,, Miyazaki's masterwork and one of the top-grossing film in all Japanese history, this ""animation master"" is about to take America and the world by storm. Mixing first-hand interview and personal insights with critical evaluations of art, plot, production qualities, and literary themes, McCarthy provides a film-by-film appraisal that examines technique as well as message. She reveals Miyazaki to be not just a master of the art of animation, but a meticulous craftsman who sees his work as a medium for shaping the humanistic and environmental concerns of our times. An overview of the artist and his early career is followed by in-depth examinations of seven major Miyazaki films: Nausicaä of the Valley of Wind, Laputa: Castle in the Sky, Castle of Cagliostro, My Neighbor Totoro, Kiki's Delivery Service, Porco Rosso, and Princess Mononoke. Included are design and technical data, story synopses and character sketches, personnel and filmography data, and critical evaluation. Illustrations throughout, in color and black and white, show the detail and vigor of Miyazaki's art. Written for anime fans as well as students of film, literature, and popular culture, McCarthy's book raises animation criticism to a whole new level and is an essential guide to the work of a world-class filmmaker. London-based Helen McCarthy is author of Anime! A Beginner's Guide to Japanese Animation, The Anime Movie Guide, and (with Jonathan Clements) The Erotic Anime Movie Guide. She appears frequently on radio and TV and at conferences around the world."
"9780688093686 A story tracing the creation of Republican Rome presents those who founded an empire, including Marius and Sulla, each determined to become the First Man of Rome"
"9780140255256 The first biography of the famous diarist written with exclusive access to her complete, original diary and with the full cooperation of her family traces her infamous erotic exploits among the intellectual elite. Reprint. 25,000 first printing. Tour."
"9780441003723 Twenty years after the discovery of artificial wormholes launches Earth space exploration to unforeseeable heights, Starplex Director Keith Lansing investigates a mysterious vessel that soon threatens the station with intergalactic war. Original."
"9780099498582 A vintage collection of short stories set in the heart of Dublin, from the bestselling author of Light a Penny Candle and Circle of Friends. A society hostess entertains her husband's mistress to dinner; a country girl savours the delights of city life; a student faces the dilemma of unmarried pregnancy; and a drink-ridden photographer tries to relaunch a shattered career... This vintage collection of stories from the bestselling author of Light a Penny Candle and Circle of Friends is Maeve Binchy at her best - her trademark warmth, wit and compassion are unmistakeable."
"9780393058260 Covering more than two hundred years of history, a study of American involvement in the Middle East examines the diverse roles of American statesmen, merchants, soldiers, missionaries, explorers, and others in shaping this troubled region."
"9780515094657 A biography of the American ballerina describing the high-pressure world of dance, her love affairs, clashes with teachers, descent into cocaine addiction, anorexia, and confinement in a mental institution before fighting her way back to a triumphant return."
"9781928832430 From the Church's greatest theologian: the essentials of Catholic doctrine. This book contains Aquinas's simple summary of the Faith. He covers the Trinity, Providence, the Incarnation, the Last Judgment, and much more. It's a concise statement of the key doctrines and elements of the Faith."
"9780142437766 A pioneer in the realm of imaginative literature, Lord Dunsany has gained a cult following for his influence on modern fantasy literature, including such authors as J.R.R. Tolkien and H. P. Lovecraft. This unique collection of short stories ranges over five decades of work. Liberal selections of earlier tales—including the entire Gods of Pegana as well as such notable works as ""Idle Days of the Yann"" and ""The Fortress Unvanquishable, Save for Sacnoth""—are followed by memorable later tales, including several about the garrulous traveler Joseph Jorkens and the outrageous murder tale ""The Two Bottles of Relish."" Throughout, the stories are united by Dunsany's cosmic vision, his impeccable and mellifluous prose, and his distinctively Irish sense of whimsy. First time in Penguin Classics The only annotated edition of Dunsany's short stories"
"9780345396938 Eighteenth-century Naples provides the setting for the pain, fears, resentments, desires, and triumphs of peasant-born Guido Maffeo and patrician-born Tonio Treschi, two castrati--mentor and angel-voiced student--who strive passionately to live full lives"
"9780439629393 Rapunzel is jealous when Prince Val begins ignoring her in favor of Rose, and she faces trouble when witch Madame Gothel discovers that she has been sneaking out of the tower to attend Princess School."
"9780836217353 The irrepressible Calvin, aided by his mischievous tiger sidekick, Hobbes, sets out to save the world with his alter egos, Spaceman Spiff and Stupendous Man, while coping with Miss Wormwood, Santa, Susie, and the monsters under his bed. Simultaneous."
"9781852339463 Many books have described how the universe became the way it is today. But what about the future of the universe? How long might the universe as we recognize it survive? The Future of the Universe takes the reader on a journey through space and time, beginning with a long look at the Earth and solar system, voyaging to the outermost galaxies, and finishing with speculations about the life and fate of the entire universe."
"9780060927547 Hijuelos' novel tells the story of Mr. Ives, who was adopted from a foundling's home as a child. When we first meet him in the 1950s, Mr. Ives is very much a product of his time. He has a successful career in advertising, a wife and two children, and believes he is on his way to pursuing the typical American dream. But the dream is shattered when his son Robert, who is studying for the priesthood, is killed violently at Christmas. Overwhelmed by grief and threatened by a loss of faith in humankind, Mr. Ives begins to question the very foundations of his life. Part love story--of a man for his wife, for his children, for God--and part meditation on how a person can find spiritual peace in the midst of crisis, Mr. Ives' Christmas is a beautifully written, tender and passionate story of a man trying to put his life in perspective. In the expert hands of Oscar Hijuelos, the novel speaks eloquently to the most basic and fulfilling aspects of life for all of us."
"9781582294018 Intern forensic pathologist Dr. Riley McKay has noticed irregularities in autopsies at the Allegheny County Coroner's lab. Suspecting foul play, she seeks help from Dr. Nick Polchak, the ""bug man"" renowned for his ability to solve murders by analyzing the insects on victim's bodies. Nick and Riley uncover a sinister link between the lab's director and PharmaGen, a start-up drug company specializing in genetic research. They also discover that PharmaGen fronts an underground system to procure transplant organs for wealthy clients by finding and murdering matching donors. But PharmaGen learns of their security breach and orders the couple destroyed. While staying a step ahead of PharmaGen assassins, romantic attraction develops between Nick and Riley. But the attraction is complicated by a tragic secret that Riley hides -- a secret closely tied to one member of PharmaGen's operation which propels the novel to its astonishing conclusion."
"9780316013314 As soon as The Beatles became famous, the spin machine began to construct a myth--one that has continued to this day. But the truth is much more interesting, much more exciting, and much more moving. In this bestselling book, Bob Spitz has written the biography for which Beatles fans have long waited. 32 pages of b/w photos."
"9780060929602 ""Ordinarily, events that change our path are impersonal affairs, and yet extremely personal. My teacher, don Juan Matsus, said this is guiding me as his apprentice to collect what I considered to be the memorable events of my life…. Don Juan described the total goal of the shamanistic knowledge that he handled as the preparation for facing the definitive journey: the journey that every human being has to take at the end of his life. He said that what modern man referred to vaguely as life after death was, for those shamans, a concrete region filled to capacity with practical affairs of a different order than the practical affairs of daily life, yet bearing a similar functional practicality. Don Juan considered that to collect the memorable in their lives was, for shamans, the preparation for their entrance into that concrete region, which they called the active side of infinity."" In this book written immediately before his death, anthropologist and shaman Carlos Castaneda gives us his most autobiographical and intimately revealing work ever, the fruit of a lifetime of experience and perhaps the most moving volume in his oeuvre."
"9780007173020 Designed to take fans of The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings deeper into the myths and legends of Middle-earth The Silmarillion is an account of the Elder Days, of the First Age of Tolkien s world. It is the ancient drama to which the characters in The Lord of the Rings look back, and in whose events some of them such as Elrond and Galadriel took part. The tales of The Silmarillion are set in an age when Morgoth, the first Dark Lord, dwelt in Middle-Earth, and the High Elves made war upon him for the recovery of the Silmarils, the jewels containing the pure light of Valinor. Included in the book are several shorter works. The Ainulindale is a myth of the Creation and in the Valaquenta the nature and powers of each of the gods is described. The Akallabeth recounts the downfall of the great island kingdom of Numenor at the end of the Second Age and Of the Rings of Power tells of the great events at the end of the Third Age, as narrated in The Lord of the Rings. This pivotal work features the revised, corrected text and includes, by way of an introduction, a fascinating letter written by Tolkien in 1951 in which he gives a full explanation of how he conceived the early Ages of Middle-earth."""
"9780553576054 Tired of being treated as a commodity, Rana Ramsey, a top fashion model, decides to assume a new identity in a small Texas town, where she meets handsome quarterback, Trent Gamblin."
"9780385319270 Inspired by correspondence between Bach and a child concerning a special occasion, this meditation expresses, in Bach's typically soaring fantasy, the thoughts and beliefs by which he lives"
"9780449702024 In a time five hundred years after a nuclear holocaust, Wellington, Earl, and Heather become convinced that a new age of magic is on the way and set out to right the world's wrongs."
"9780822004240 The original CliffsNotes study guides offer expert commentary on major themes, plots, characters, literary devices, and historical background — all to help you gain greater insight into great works you're bound to study for school or pleasure. In CliffsNotes on Euripides' Electra & Medea, you explore two classic Greek tragedies by Euripides and discover how the playwright introduced many innovations into the drama of his time. Electra and Medea present enlightening psychological examinations of characters under extreme stress — namely the title characters: Electra, the daughter of Agamemnon who seeks revenge on her mother and uncle for murdering her father and forcing her to live in poverty; and Media, who seeks revenge against her husband Jason for betraying her and marrying another woman. In this study guide, you'll find Life of the Playwright, as well as character lists and Summaries and Commentaries of each play. You'll also find critical essays on the following topics: The background of the Greek tragedy Aristotle on tragedy Other works by Euripides Notes on the main characters of each play Classic literature or modern-day treasure — you'll understand it all with expert information and insight from CliffsNotes study guides."
9780553578973 Wedge Antilles sends the controversial Wraith Squadron on a mission to pose as ruthless pirates seeking to join Zsinj's forces in order to infiltrate the warlord's fleet and uncover his carefully guarded plans for destruction. Original.
"9780486429922 A collection of twelve Russian short stories including ""The Queen of Spades,"" ""The Overcoat,"" ""White Nights,"" ""The Signal,"" and ""The Lady with the Toy Dog."""
"9780345463050 With a war between the Killiks and Chiss threatening to engulf the entire galaxy, Luke Skywalker makes a desperate attempt to prevent war by venturing deep into hostile territory to undermine the war-making capabilities of all the combatants."
"9780060566685 Just why do humpback whales sing? That's the question that has marine behavioral biologist Nate Quinn and his crew poking, charting, recording, and photographing very big, wet, gray marine mammals. Until the extraordinary day when a whale lifts its tail into the air to display a cryptic message spelled out in foot-high letters: Bite me. Trouble is, Nate's beginning to wonder if he hasn't spent just a little too much time in the sun. 'Cause no one else on his team saw a thing -- not his longtime partner, Clay Demodocus; not their saucy young research assistant; not even the spliff-puffing white-boy Rastaman Kona (né Preston Applebaum). But later, when a roll of film returns from the lab missing the crucial tail shot -- and his research facility is trashed -- Nate realizes something very fishy indeed is going on. By turns witty, irreverent, fascinating, puzzling, and surprising, Fluke is Christopher Moore at his outrageous best."
"9780141185163 Including Homage to Catalonia, Orwell's profound experience of fighting in the Spanish Civil War, this title also contains Orwell's essays, letters and pamphlets, which show his resolution to tell the truth about the war amid a crop of lies from both the Communist Party and the British Press."
"9780439994798 The trilogy follows the coming of age of two children, Lyra Belacqua and Will Parry, as they wander through a series of parallel universes against a backdrop of epic events. The story involves fantasy elements such as witches and armoured polar bears, but alludes to a broad range of ideas from fields such as physics, philosophy, and theology."
"9780843949742 When Lord James discovers that the notorious courtesan known as Lady X is Margaret Wentworth, his best friend's sister, he follows her to a house of ill repute and forcefully rescues her from her own folly, and as she tries to convince him that she was never Lady X, he sets out to reform the lucious hoyden, only to find himself falling in love with her. Original."
"9780836217698 Reprising the wide-open landscape format of, The Days Are Just Packed, Homicidal Psycho Jungle Cat chronicles another segment of the multifarious adventures of this wild child and his faithful, but skeptical, friend. If the best cartoons compel readers to identify themselves within the funny frames, then all who enjoy Calvin and Hobbes are creative, imaginative, and ... bad, bad, bad! Calvin, the irascible little boy with the stuffed tiger who comes to life are a pair bound for trouble. Boring school lessons become occasions for death-defying alien air battles, speeding snow sled descents elicit philosophical discussions on the meaning of life, and Hobbe's natural inclination to pounce on his little friend wreaks havoc on Calvin's sense of security. Calvin's the kid we all wish we'd been. Sassy, imaginative, far more verbal than his parents can manage, Calvin is the quintessential bad boy -- and the boy we love to see. He terrorizes little Susie, offers ""Candid Opinions"" from a neighborhood stand, and questions his parents' authority. ""What assurance do I have that your parenting isn't screwing me up?"" he demands. Calvin and Hobbes manages to say what needs to be said about childhood and life: ""Eww, mud,"" says Calvin. ""Look at this gooshy, dirty, slimy, thick, wet mud ... Bleecch ... Talk about a kid magnet!"""
"9780440419679 Francis Tucket, traveling the Oregon trail on a wagon, has many adventures after being kidnapped by Pawnee Indians, including meeting a one-armed man, rescuing abandoned children, and enduring bandits and fierce storms on his trek home."
"9780886776503 Emerging from her centuries-long imprisonment inside an alien artifact, Shadith learns that she has developed an empathic musical skill, and is called upon to delegate a mission with a musically communicating alien race. Original."
"9780333904916 Eighteenth-century Britain was the world's leading exponent of the slave trade: profits soared and among the beneficiaries were the Church of England and London's Tate Gallery. Yet in the space of a few short years, beginning in 1788, a group of Abolitionists moved the cause of anti-slavery to the very centre of British political life, from the floor of Parliament to the homes of 300,000 people boycotting Caribbean sugar. At their head was Thomas Clarkson, a divinity student who travelled 35,000 miles on horseback documenting abuses, talking to supporters, and evading attempts on his life. With Granville Sharp and James Phillips he founded the Society for Effecting the Abolition of the Slave Trade, and gave platforms to freed slaves such as Olaudah Equiano, who had experienced the horrors in full. Clarkson's movement resembled nothing England had ever seen before: outside both Parliament and Church, it was the first major embodiment of the forces that today we call civil society, and Hochschild, drawing on the voluminous letters and journals of the characters involved, brings it compellingly to life."
"9780316066143 Under the leadership of their sergeant, known as ""The Oracle,"" the crew of the LAPD's Hollywood Station take on their toughest case yet as they deal with the Russian mob, diamonds, counterfeiting, and grenades."
9780440495048 A free thirteen-year-old black girl in Connecticut is caught up in the horror of the Revolutionary War and the danger of being returned to slavery when her patriot father is killed by the British and her mother disappears.
"9780061137365 Between 1987 and 1989, Paul Bowles, at the suggestion of a friend, kept a journal to record the daily events of his life. What emerges is not only just a record of the meals, conversations, and health concerns of the author of The Sheltering Sky but also a fascinating look at an artist at work in a new medium. Characterized by a refreshing informality, clear-sightedness, and passages of exquisite prose, these pages record with equal fascination the behavior of an itinerant spider, a brutal episode of violence in a Tangier marketplace, and the pageantry and excess of Malcolm Forbes's seventieth birthday party. In Days, a master observer of the foreign and obscure turns his attentions toward his own daily existence, giving us a startlingly candid portrait of his life in late twentieth-century Tangier."
"9781401301958 Bestselling author Jamie Oliver finally devotes an entire book to America's favorite cuisine -- Italian! Italy and its wonderful flavors have always had a major influence on Jamie Oliver's food and cooking. In Jamie's Italy, he travels this famously gastronomic country paying homage to the classic dishes of each region and searching for new ideas to bring home. The result is a sensational collection of Italian recipes, old and new, that will ensure that Italy's influence reaches us all. Italy has inspired Jamie Oliver throughout his career. His ambition has always been to travel across the country on a quest to capture the very essence of Italian cooking -- and to produce the best and simplest Italian cookbook for everybody anywhere to enjoy. Jamie's Italy is the result of that journey -- and it's a land of plenty. As well as providing more than 120 brand-new recipes for everything from risotto to roasts and spaghetti to stews, structured as traditional trattoria menus, Jamie takes you all over Italy to cook with and learn from the real masters of Italian cuisine: the locals. Far from the standard ""lemons and olives"" version of Italian cooking, Jamie's Italy is a cookbook by the people for the people. From Sicily to Tuscany, it's about the local fishermen, family bakers, and, of course, the ""Mamas,"" sharing their recipes and the tips that have gone into their cooking for generations. But it's not only mouthwatering food that Jamie brings back home: it's also the spirit that makes cooking and eating absolutely central to family life, whichever part of Italy youre in. Bursting with the warmth and hospitality of real family life, this is both a superbly accessible cookbook and a unique travelogue and diary, in which youll find the authentic flavor of Italy and the people who live there. If you love quality food prepared with genuine passion -- youll never want to leave Jamie's Italy."
"9781400034291 A scarred Brooklyn resident remembers his past life as a Haitian torturer in the 1960s, a period during which he waged personal and political battles before moving to New York, where his past continued to haunt him throughout his marriage and parenthood. By the award-winning author of The Farming of Bones. Reader's Guide available. Reprint. 50,000 first printing."
"9780143037576 The perfect books for the true book lover, Penguin's Great Ideas series features twelve more groundbreaking works by some of history's most prodigious thinkers. Each volume is beautifully packaged with a unique type-driven design that highlights the bookmaker's art. Offering great literature in great packages at great prices, this series is ideal for those readers who want to explore and savor the Great Ideas that have shaped our world. Inspired by the trial of a bureaucrat who helped cause the Holocaust, this radical work on the banality of evil stunned the world with its exploration of a regime's moral blindness and one man's insistence that he be absolved all guilt because he was 'only following orders'."
"9780334028963 Rainer Maria Rilke, Gabriel Garcia Marquez, Emily Dickinson, Albert Camus, Sigmund Freud and the Tao Te Ching are just some of the influences evident in this book which brings poetry to bear on theology. An atmosphere of wonder and vision is created - as when, for example, through the magic of Isak Dinesen's Babette's Feast, Alves evokes a picture of `words which are good to be eaten' - which in turn leads to a meditation on politics, prophecy and the theme of resurrection."
"9780679733768 Presents the life of Martha Ballard, a midwife in Maine during the eighteenth century, by drawing on the detailed diary she kept for twenty-seven years of her life"
9784766113389 This volume was inspired by young women working in cafes and restaurants clad in those absolutely charming uniforms. Snowy white aprons and crisply starched dresses are staples of manga and anime. This guide features various popular uniforms and costumes. Select an interesting uniform or costume to try on one of your own characters!
9780061139376 In Coraline's family's new flat there's a locked door. On the other side is a brick wall—until Coraline unlocks the door . . . and finds a passage to another flat in another house just like her own. Only different. The food is better there. Books have pictures that writhe and crawl and shimmer. And there's another mother and father there who want Coraline to be their little girl. They want to change her and keep her with them. . . . Forever. Coraline is an extraordinary fairy tale/nightmare from the uniquely skewed imagination of #1 New York Times bestselling author Neil Gaiman.
"9780345432407 In a darkly comic novel by the author of The Godfather, Don Raymonde Aprile, now retired, and FBI agent Kurt Cilke, engage in one last war with the distinctions between ""good guys"" and ""bad guys"" getting lost in the shuffle. Reprint."
"9780316281331 The writings of more than 60 authors including Isaac Asimov, Albert Einstein, Stephen Hawking, Pierre Curie, Primo Levi and James Gleick, are represented in this volume. Each expresses a perspective on the Sciences."
"9780465069903 How did the replication bomb we call ”life” begin and where in the world, or rather, in the universe, is it heading? Writing with characteristic wit and an ability to clarify complex phenomena (the New York Times described his style as ”the sort of science writing that makes the reader feel like a genius”), Richard Dawkins confronts this ancient mystery."
"9780815411215 This intensely engaging biography examines the extraordinary life of George Eliot from her childhood, through her scandalous liaison and social exile, to her hard-won status as one of Victorian England's literary elite."
"9780553381535 Living in Rome with his daughter, Jack McCall finds his grief following his wife's suicide interrupted by the arrival of his sister-in-law and two friends seeking his help in tracking down a classmate who went underground as a Vietnam protestor. Reprint."
9780143035169 The Pulitzer Prize-winning author of The Stone Diaries focuses on the life and fiction of Jane Austen in a critical biography of the reclusive author of Pride and Prejudice and other great novels. Reprint.
"9780385732338 Violet Paz, a Chicago high school student, reluctantly prepares for her upcoming ""quince,"" a Spanish nickname for the celebration of an Hispanic girl's fifteenth birthday."
"9780060593636 In her dazzling romantic suspense debut, USA Today bestselling author Suzanne Enoch brings us a thrilling tale about a thief who needs to prove she's no murderer and the millionaire who loves her. Samantha Jellicoe is a thief and proud of it. Raised to appreciate the finer things in life, Sam has no trouble divesting the wealthy of their treasures. This all changed, however, the night she attempts to steal a valuable item from a Palm Beach estate. Before she knew what hit her, a bomb goes off, a guard is killed, and Sam ends up saving millionaire Richard Addison. She's a good thief and will own up to her jobs, but if anyone thinks to tie her to murder, they better think again. On any other night, having a one hundred plus pounds of female fling herself at you is a good thing. But on this particular night, Richard Addison is mad as hell. Not only did he just have his gallery blown up-with him about to enter it-but the woman who rescued him didn't stick around to offer any explanations. When the dust settles, Rick knows the only person with answers to his questions is the mystery woman. And if she thinks she can hide from him, she better think again."
"9780312143404 The hilarious, Academy Award-nominated screenplay that features six old friends, three disastrous receptions, a tongue-tied priest, and the role that made Hugh Grant the world's favorite bumbling bachelor. Toasted by romantics and cynics, critics and fans, Four Weddings and a Funeral grossed more than $250 million worldwide, garnered Academy Award nominations for Best Picture and Best Original Screenplay, and was unanimously pronounced the romantic comedy of the 90s. Richard Curtis's smart, irreverent, and brilliantly crafted screenplay will delight fans of the movie, as well as screenwriters and film students. From the first spoken line to the last (""I do""), it's a jubilant celebration of friendship, romance, and good humor."
"9780156260558 In a collection of stories written during the 1940s and 1950s, the author captures moments of revelation in the lives of ordinary people, instants blending recognition and alarm as deceptions and illusions are laid bare"
"9780471758181 Lady on the Hill tells the inspiring story of the thirty-five-year effort to restore this fading beauty to her former glory--all without a penny of government funding or outside foundation grants. Central to this true-life tale of rebirth against the odds is George Vanderbilt's grandson William A. V. Cecil, a well-mannered, highly educated man who, when caught up in an idea, becomes a whirling dervish, generating enough energy and enthusiasm to motivate everyone around him. And, according to author Howard Covington Jr., Cecil gets a week's worth of ideas before he's done with his Monday morning shave. In the late 1950s, attorneys, financial managers, and tax accountants were united in advising Cecil and his brother, George, to sell off the estate's 12,000 acres in order to create a suburban subdivision. Cecil quietly ignored this advice and came up with a better idea: over the next four decades, he would turn this down-at-the-heels mansion that was a drain on the family business into the most successful, privately preserved historic site in the United States, perhaps even the world. Cecil succeeded beyond even his wildest dreams. Not only did he raise the money needed to begin and continue a painstaking, decades-long restoration of the house itself, but he also achieved a goal that even his grandfather had found elusive. He made Biltmore Estate a self-sustaining, working enterprise that included a vibrant tourist destination, a working winery and vineyard, and a farming operation; employed hundreds of people; and attracted hundreds of millions of dollars to the local economy every year. Lady on the Hill tells a lively tale of eccentric, upper-crust characters, seemingly insurmountable obstacles, and one man's determination, innovation, loyalty, and stubborn persistence to succeed against the odds. It also provides a brilliant, if unorthodox, model for anyone involved with the preservation and restoration of a historic home."
"9780007121007 An old widow is brutally killed in the parlour of her cottage... Mrs McGinty died from a brutal blow to the back of her head. Suspicion fell immediately on her shifty lodger, James Bentley, whose clothes revealed traces of the victim's blood and hair. Yet something was amiss: Bentley just didn't look like a murderer. Poirot believed he could save the man from the gallows - what he didn't realise was that his own life was now in great danger..."
"9780978970703 The end begins with a viral outbreak unlike anything mankind as ever encountered before. The infected are subject to delirium, fever, a dramatic increase in violent behavior, and a one-hundred percent mortality rate? Death. But it doesn't end there. The victims return from death to walk the earth. When a massive military operation fails to contain the plague of the living dead it escalates into a global pandemic. In one fell swoop, the necessities of life become much more basic. Gone are petty everyday concerns. Gone are the amenities of civilized life. Yet a single law of nature remains: Live, or die. Kill, or be killed. On one side of the world, a battle-hardened General surveys the remnants of his command: a young medic, a veteran photographer, a brash Private, and dozens of refugees, all are his responsibility--all thousands of miles from home. Back in the United States, an Army Colonel discovers the darker side of Morningstar virus and begins to collaborate with a well-known journalist to leak the information out to the public... The Morningstar Saga has begun."
"9780425146224 Holly Winter, a writer and amateur sleuth, and her adopted Alaskan malamute, Rowdy, team up to track down a killer lurking at a dog show. Reissue."
"9780768423488 Experiencing Father's Embrace is an excellent resource for anyone interested in growing or ministering in the Father's love message. The author's style of writing makes this book easy to read, yet it is one of the most thorough and profoundly impacting books available on knowing God as a Father."
"9780743468596 In the spirit of THE 7 HABITS OF HIGHLY EFFECTIVE PEOPLE, the international bestseller, FIRST THINGS FIRST is a revolutionary guide to managing your time by learning how to balance your life. Traditional time management suggests that working harder, smarter and faster will help you gain control of your life, and that increased control will bring peace and fulfilment. The authors of FIRST THINGS FIRST disagree. In the first real breakthrough in time management in years, Stephen R. Covey, A. Roger Merrill and Rebecca R. Merrill apply the insights of the 7 HABITS to the daily problems of people who must struggle with the ever increasing demands of work and home life. Rather than focusing on time and things, FIRST THINGS FIRST emphasises relationships and results. And instead of efficiency, this new approach emphasises effectiveness. Covey offers a principle-centred approach that will empower readers to define what is truly important; to accomplish worthwhile goals; and to lead rich, rewarding and balanced lives."
"9780765312808 Having recently moved to a bohemian Toronto neighborhood, middle-aged entrepreneur Alan learns his next-door neighbor's struggle to conceal her wings and hides his own secrets about his unusual family, which includes Russian nesting doll brothers, one of whom is bent on revenge. By the author of Down and Out in the Magic Kingdom. Reprint. 20,000 first printing."
"9780060915438 In 1975 Annie Dillard took up residence on an island in Puget Sound in a wooded room furnished with ""one enormous window, one cat, one spider and one person."" For the next two years she asked herself questions about time, reality, sacrifice death, and the will of God. In Holy the Firm she writes about a moth consumed in a candle flame, about a seven-year-old girl burned in an airplane accident, about a baptism on a cold beach. But behind the moving curtain of what she calls ""the hard things -- rock mountain and salt sea,"" she sees, sometimes far off and sometimes as close by as a veil or air, the power play of holy fire. This is a profound book about the natural world -- both its beauty and its cruelty -- the Pulitzer Prize-winning Dillard knows so well."
"9781403904560 This revised and updated introduction to the novels and non-fiction of V.S. Naipaul will be of interest to students, specialists and general readers. Chronological chapters examine the structure, significance and development of Naipaul's writing, setting the texts in their autobiographical, philosophical, social and political, colonial and post-colonial contexts. New chapters in the second edition include an expanded biographical introduction, and discussion of the recent novels A Way in the World and Half a Life, Naipaul's writings on Islam, and the criticism of Naipaul by writers and post-colonial theorists."
"9780375806704 For Milo, everything's a bore. When a tollbooth mysteriously appears in his room, he drives through only because he's got nothing better to do. But on the other side, things seem different. Milo visits the island of Conclusions (you get there by jumping), learns about time from a tick watchdog named Tock, and even embarks on a quest to rescue Rhyme and Reason! Somewhere along the way, Milo realizes something astonishing. Life is far from dull. In fact, it's exciting beyond his wildest dreams!"
"9780743418263 Brought to the Danish court in 1629 to serve in the king's orchestra, English lutenist Peter Claire soon finds himself caught up in royal intrigue when he falls for a young woman who is the companion of the queen. Winner of the Whitbread Prize. Reader's Guide available. Reprint."
"9780441012398 When her growing beauty begins to resemble her mother's too closely, Princess Lissar must flee her father's wrath, accompanied by her loyal dog Ash, and, in doing so, she unlocks a door into a world of magic. Reprint."
"9780385722162 The author of The Journey traces the origins and history of the world's most familiar translation of the Bible; discusses the political, religious, and technological forces that prompted its creation; and assesses the influence of the King James Bible on literature, religious belief, and more. Reprint. 25,000 first printing."
"9780736805995 Excerpts from the girlhood diary of Louisa May Alcott, describing her family life, lessons, and experiences on a communal farm in the 1840s. Includes sidebars, activities, and a timeline related to this era."
"9780684842509 F. Scott Fitzgerald is best known for his novels such as THE GREAT GATSBY, but during his all-too-brief literary life, he sold some 160 short stories to popular magazines. Here, noted scholar and biographer Matthew Bruccoli assembles in one volume the full scope of the best of Fitzgerald's short fiction. These 43 sparkling masterpieces are offered in a handsome Scribner Classics edition, perfect for the home library."
"9780312932800 Sophie Dempsey wants to help her sister film a video and then get out of Temptation, Ohio. Mayor Phin Tucker wants to play pool with the police chief and keep things peaceful. But when Sophie and Phin meet, they both get more than they want. Gossip, blackmail, adultery, murder, vehicular abuse of a corpse, and slightly perverse but excellent sex: all hell breaks loose in Temptation as Sophie and Phin fall deeper and deeper in trouble, and in love."
"9780755311514 Invisibility cloaks, flying broomsticks, magic doors - all the stuff of children's fantasy. But have you ever wondered if this magic could feasibly work? Roger Highfield explores the world of the Harry Potter stories and shows how cutting edge science can explain much of it. Exciting scientific concepts such as wormholes and general relativity and he also offers explanations for the more historical links between magic and science, investigating the archaelogical and anthropological evidence for witchcraft and dragons."
"9780440241058 Judith allows herself one night of reckless passion with a heroic stranger before settling into a dreary life as her aunt's companion, but she is shocked when the stranger arrives at her aunt's home, Harewood Grange, to woo her cousin."
"9780747268468 Love is always just around the corner in a Jill Mansell novel - with a few surprises and a lot of humour on the way to happiness When Izzy is knocked off her motor bike she doesn't just lose her dignity - she loses as a result not one but two long-term boyfriends, her job and, to boot, her extremely bijou flat. Gina, who caused the accident, has more important things to worry about - her husband's mistress is pregnant and she's suddenly on her own. Why should she care about Izzy? Yet somehow the well-heeled Gina finds herself opening her home to Izzy and her spirited teenage daughter. And it's there that Izzy meets heart-stoppingly handsome Sam, whose lingering kiss is all it takes for her to find the true love that has always eluded her - though there are just a few obstacles between that first kiss and the 'happy ever after'..."
"9780415278416 Challenging and rewarding in equal measure, Phenomenology of Perception is Merleau-Ponty's most famous work. Impressive in both scope and imagination, it uses the example of perception to return the body to the forefront of philosophy for the first time since Plato. Drawing on case studies such as brain-damaged patients from the First World War, Merleau-Ponty brilliantly shows how the body plays a crucial role not only in perception but in speech, sexuality and our relation to others."
"9781580070911 Recognized as one of the best fighters of the 1990s, the Su-27 Flanker is a single-seat supersonic interceptor that is often declared the finest and most successful fighter of the Cold War era. Designed by Sukhoi OKB, the imposing fighter quickly gained popularity and respect from countries all across the globe. Intended to be a direct competitor to the new generation of American fighters such as the F-15, the Su-27 was designed with outstanding range, heavy armament, and high agility. Excellent performance, handling, and serviceability have made the aircraft popular with its pilots and ground personnel alike. Equipped with an analog fly-by-wire control system, a full avionics suite, and up to 10 air-to-air missiles, the Flanker also features a rearward-facing radar between the engines, allowing it to fire at targets behind the aircraft. Outfitted with two Lyul'ka AL-31F turbofans, each 12,500 kgp (27,557 lb st) with afterburning, the Su-27's high thrust-to-weight ratio and refined aerodynamics allow superb flight characteristics at high angles of attack. Yefim Gordon and Peter Davison are the authors of several books on Soviet aircraft including the Specialty Press titles Mikoyan Gurevich MiG-29 Fulcrum and Mikoyan Gurevich MiG-15 Fagot. Over 300 photos illustrate the story of the Su-27. Topics covered include design, development, structural detail, international production, trials, upgrades and generations, comparisons, overseas sales, and much more. This book is a must have for all warbird enthusiasts!"
"9780060845308 In late 1940s New York City, Cesar and Nestor Castillo, two young Cuban musicians, are dubbed the ""Mambo Kings"" for their talent and rise to superstardom. Reissue. (Tie in to the Broadway musical production, produced by Daryl Roth, opening August 2005) (Historical Fiction)"
"9780812550283 Elayne, Aviendha, and Mat work to restore the world's natural weather, while Egwene gathers a group of female channelers and Rand confronts the dread Forsaken Sammael, in the seventh volume in the Wheel of Time series. Reprint."
"9780060094935 In a world whose seasons are defined by Christmas sales and Spring Fashions, hundreds of tiny nomes live in the corners and crannies of a human-run department store. They have made their homes beneath the floorboards for generations and no longer remember -- or even believe in -- life beyond the Store walls. Until the day a small band of nomes arrives at the Store from the Outside. Led by a young nome named Masklin, the Outsiders carry a mysterious black box (called the Thing), and they deliver devastating news: In twenty-one days, the Store will be destroyed. Now all the nomes must learn to work together, and they must learn to think -- and to think BIG. Part satire, part parable, and part adventure story par excellence, master storyteller Terry Pratchett’s engaging trilogy traces the nomes’ flight and search for safety, a search that leads them to discover their own astonishing origins and takes them beyond their wildest dreams."
"9780553582901 A secret Arctic experiment turns into a frozen nightmare when a team of scientists, stranded on a drifting iceberg with a massive explosive charge, battles the elements for survival, only to discover that one of them is a murderer. Reissue."
9780743255783 The story of Dr. Frankenstein and the obsessive experiment that leads to the creation of a monstrous and deadly creature is accompanied by 629 SAT vocabulary words highlighted and defined on pages opposite those of the text.
"9780764585975 The original CliffsNotes study guides offer expert commentary on major themes, plots, characters, literary devices, and historical background. The latest generation of titles in this series also feature glossaries and visual elements that complement the classic, familiar format. CliffsNotes on Lord of the Flies takes you on an exploration of William Golding's novel to the dark side of humanity, the savagery that underlies even the most civilized human beings. Follow Golding's group of young boys from hope to disaster and watch as they attempt to survive their uncivilized, unsupervised, and isolated environment. You can rely on CliffsNotes on Lord of the Flies for character analyses, insightful essays, and chapter-by-chapter commentaries to ensure your safe passage through the rich symbolism of this novel. Other features that help you study include A brief synopsis of the novel A character map to help you see relationships among the characters A glossary that helps you get the most out of your reading An interactive quiz to test your knowledge Essay topics and review questions Classic literature or modern modern-day treasure -- you'll understand it all with expert information and insight from CliffsNotes study guides."
"9780552998789 The residents of 28 Barbary Lane are back again in this racy, suspenseful and wildly romantic sequel to Tales of the Cityand More Tales of the City.DeDe Halcyon Day and Mary Ann Singleton track down a charismatic psychopath, Michael Tolliver looks for love, landlady Anna Madrigal imprisons an anchorwoman in her basement storeroom, and Armistead Maupin is in firm control."
"9780755323005 Bailiff Simon Puttock's servant, Hugh, has been granted leave to look after his wife, Constance, and to help raise their child. But soon after, she is attacked in their home, raped by a gang of men. Then she watches as her son is murdered and Hugh is struck down, before she too is killed and the house set afire. When Simon and Sir Baldwin Furnshill, Keeper of the King's Peace, arrive at the grisly scene, the cottage is burned to the ground, the body of the child lying outside. Inside is a woman's torso, badly charred. There are no remains of Hugh, but the fire raged so fiercely that all believe he has perished. But nothing is so simple. Simon vows revenge, and there are dark forces lurking that will cause no end of mayhem and bloodshed."
"9780802431486 Drawn from years of counseling and the author's own parenting experiences, this valuable resource, filled with Scripture passages and accompanying practical applications, provides principles for raising and nurturing children in these uncertain and rapidly changing times. Original."
"9780061122415 ""My heart is afraid that it will have to suffer,"" the boy told the alchemist one night as they looked up at the moonless sky."" Tell your heart that the fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself. And that no heart has ever suffered when it goes in search of its dreams."" Every few decades a book is published that changes the lives of its readers forever. The Alchemist is such a book. With over a million and a half copies sold around the world, The Alchemist has already established itself as a modern classic, universally admired. Paulo Coelho's charming fable, now available in English for the first time, will enchant and inspire an even wider audience of readers for generations to come. The Alchemist is the magical story of Santiago, an Andalusian shepherd boy who yearns to travel in search of a worldly treasure as extravagant as any ever found. From his home in Spain he journeys to the markets of Tangiers and across the Egyptian desert to a fateful encounter with the alchemist. The story of the treasures Santiago finds along the way teaches us, as only a few stories have done, about the essential wisdom of listening to our hearts, learning to read the omens strewn along life's path, and, above all, following our dreams."
"9780553243567 Suffering from feelings of loneliness and abandonment since her father's death and her sister's marriage, Kari Langtree is afraid to give her heart to the boy she meets on her Caribbean cruise."
"9781421506425 The Pro Test Preliminaries: Day Four: Hikaru faces the preliminary rounds of the pro test, during which he must eliminate not only his classmates at the insei school but also any outsiders who want to take the test. One of them in particular appears to know how to exploit Hikaru's weaknesses, and poor Hikaru seems powerless to stop him."
"9781567921571 Two trailblazing novels by Georges Perec, Things: Jerome and Sylvie, the young upwardly mobile couple, lust for the good life. They wanted life's enjoyment, but this equated to ownership. A Man Asleep: A nameless student attempts to purify himself entirely of material desires and ambitions."
"9780192804099 This authoritative edition was originally published in the acclaimed Oxford Authors series under the general editorship of Frank Kermode. It brings together a unique combination of Milton's poetry and prose - all the English verse together with a generous selection from the major prosewritings - to give the essence of his work and thinking.Milton's influence on English poetry and criticism has been incalculable, and this edition covers the full range of his poetic and political output. It includes Paradise Lost, Paradise Regained, and Samson Agonistes as well as major prose works such as Areopagitica and The Tenure of Kings andMagistrates. As well as all the English and Italian verse, the volume includes most of the Latin and Greek verse in parallel translation. Spelling has been modernized, and the poems are arranged in order of publication, essential to an understanding of the progress of Milton's career in relationto the political and religious upheavals of his time. The extensive notes cover syntax, vocabulary, historical context, and biblical and classical allusions. The introduction traces both Milton's changing conception of his own vocation, and the critical reception his work has received over the pastfour centuries."
"9780671027124 Alvirah, an amateur detective, and her husband Willy investigate when an after-school shelter for neighborhood kids is prevented from moving into a neighboring building by a couple living there who claim to have inherited it"
"9780006499169 This tale begins with Jack Aubrey arriving home from his exploits in the Mediterranean to find England at peace following the Treaty of Amiens. He and his friend Stephen Maturin, surgeon and secret agent, begin to live the lives of country gentlemen, hunting, entertaining and enjoying more amorous adventures. Their comfortable existence, however, is cut short when Jack is overnight reduced to a pauper with enough debts to keep him in prison for life. He flees to the continent to seek refuge: instead he finds himself a hunted fugitive as Napoleon has ordered the internment of all Englishmen in France. Aubrey's adventures in escaping from France and the debtors' prison will grip the reader as fast as his unequalled actions at sea."
"9780345455918 Struggling to cope with her unwanted ability to see the future, Stella must confront her legacy when her father is jailed, wrongly accused of homicide, and Stella joins forces with her grandmother and mother to uncover the truth."
"9780140442243 The nobleman Lavretsky, broken and disillusioned by a failed marriage, returns from Paris to his Russian estate, where he begins to fall in love with a young woman named Liza."
"9780060763725 But this is what I could not give up: I could not give up myself Psyche has known Love—scented with jasmine and tasting of fresh oranges. Yet he is fleeting and fragile, lost to her too quickly. Punished by self-doubt, Psyche yearns to be transformed, like the beautiful and brutal figures in the myths her lover once spoke of. Attempting to uncover beauty in the darkness, she is challenged, tested, and changed by the gods and demons who tempt her. Her faith must be found again, for if she is to love, she must never look back."
"9780552998765 This internationally beloved modern classic, first published in 1978, will be reissued with a tie-in cover to coincide with the groundbreaking three-part PBS miniseries scheduled to air January 10, 11, and 12, 1994--a joint presentation of the prestigious American Playhouse and KQED San Francisco."
"9780792253143 A completely revised and updated fifth edition of the popular birding handbook provides identification tips, full-color artwork, new locator and range maps, information on behavior and nesting, new plumage and species classification data, and other valuable facts about more than eight hundred North American birds. Original. 75,000 first printing."
"9780762404780 Collection of traditional blessings, classic verse, and photographs from throughout Ireland. A timeless tribute to the beauty of the land and the character of its people."
"9780786282821 Now a high school junior, Samantha tries to decide whether she is ready to have sex with her boyfriend, who happens to be the President's son."
"9780671553043 New York Times bestselling author Tess Gerritsen weaves authenticity into another novel of searing medical suspense, as a dedicated woman doctor probes into the cause of a mystifying and lethal outbreak. The quiet overnight shift at Springer Hospital ER suits Dr. Toby Harper just fine -- until she admits a man in critical condition from a possible viral infection of the brain. The delirious man barely responds to treatment -- and then disappears without a trace. Before Toby can find him, a second case occurs, revealing a terrifying fact: the virus can only be spread through direct tissue exchange. Following a trail of death that winds from a pregnant sixteen-year-old prostitute to her own home, Toby discovers the unthinkable: the epidemic didn't just happen -- someone let it loose...."
9780451528018 Sir Charles Baskerville's sudden heart attack and death have the townspeople in shock and searching for the one to blame--the family dog--while Sherlock Holmes leads the investigation.
"9780822002833 The original CliffsNotes study guides offer expert commentary on major themes, plots, characters, literary devices, and historical background. CliffsNotes on Candide explores the best known philosophic tale from Voltaire. The tale is a vehicle for his profoundest views on politics, religion, and philosophy. At the same time, it is an adventure tale about a young hero who travels far and wide and experiences great dangers. With this study guide, you’ll see why Voltaire is considered among the greatest satirists in literature. Along with detailed explanations of the plot, your understanding will increase with insight into the life and times of the author. Other features that help you study include Background on Voltaire’s contemporaries and influences Character analyses of major players A character map that graphically illustrates the relationships among the characters Critical essays Review questions Classic literature or modern modern-day treasure — you'll understand it all with expert information and insight from CliffsNotes study guides."
"9781598165777 Barely escaping the Human Unification Army, Lafiel and Jinto crash-land on Planet Clasbul, which is already under enemy occupation. With no means to rejoin the fleet, they must find a way to survive until rescued. However, the Abh princess is nothing more that a clueless girl, and Jinto must use his experience to protect her."
"9780198782742 ""This new edition of Will Kymlicka's best selling critical introduction to contemporary political theory has been fully revised to include many of the most significant developments in Anglo-American political philosophy in the last 11 years, particularly the new debates on political liberalism, deliberative democracy, civic republicanism, nationalism, and cultural pluralism."" ""The book now includes two new chapters on citizenship theory and multiculturalism, in addition to updated chapters on utilitarianism, liberal egalitarianism, libertarianism, Marxism, communitarianism, and feminism. Extended guides to further reading have been added at the end of each chapter, listing the most important books and articles on each school of thought, as well as relevant journals and web sites.""--BOOK JACKET."
"9780452281257 In a future world where all individuality has been crushed, a man--Equality 7-2521--dares to defy the ideals of collectivism, make personal choices, seek forbidden knowledge, and love the woman he desires."
"9780373870288 Ciara and Mitch Mahoney were swept to the altar on a whirlwind courtship. But the honeymoon ws over when Ciara begged her new husband to quit his job as an FBI special agent. Then, without warning."
"9780099476351 Sir Gareth Ludlow knows it is his duty as a man of honour to restore so young and pretty a girl as Amanda, wandering unattended, to her family. But it is to prove no easy task for the Corinthian."
"9781844670550 A history and critique of the last 200 years of cultural criticism, form Addison and Steele to Barthes and Derrida, by Britain's most stylish critic."
"9780842331913 Isabella Alden, Grace Livingston Hill's aunt and mentor, tells a story of wayward children whose mothers pray that a summer at Chatauqua will help them discover the love of God in they same way they did long before."
"9780786000234 Emerging from the world of ancient Greece, Hades, Lord of the Underworld, and the mystical Persephone defy the gods of Olympus to defend an eternal love that they share between the sun and the shadows. Original."
"9780385415606 Determined to become a painter, Francesca Visser's dream is shattered when her father--a struggling artist--arranges a marriage between her and Ludolf Van Deventer, a wealthy shipbroker, in order to pay back a debt"
"9780446390576 In a series of interviews, the acknowledged master of horror fiction reveals the creative source behind his stories, discussing his life, his career, and his philosophy on writing, and what he believes makes horror stories so popular"
"9780671417017 An autobiography by the English actor discusses his theatrical and film career and offers a candid account of his personal life, focusing on his relationship with actress Vivien Leigh"
"9781411665309 In this three-part discourse, Simon Cleveland offers a perspective on life derived partly from the latest scientific theories in cosmology and quantum mechanics and partly from analysis on the works of some of the greatest writers and philosophers of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. The book explores topics such as the meaning of time, consciousness and the development of the essence. The author also examines the genesis of the concept of immortality."
"9780515136944 Para-archaeologist Lydia Smith, while lost in the catacombs beneath the city of Harmony, makes a startling discovery that calls into question everything she believes about her lover, Emmett London."
"9780446673785 Newsweek calls him ""an extraordinarily canny and empathetic observer."" In bestseller after bestseller, Turow uses his background as a lawyer to create suspense fiction so authentic it reads with the hammering impact of fact. But before he became a worldwide sensation, Scott Turow wrote a book that is entirely true, the account of his own searing indoctrination into the field of law called ... The first year of law school is an intellectual and emotional ordeal so grueling that it ensures only the fittest survive. Now Scott Turow takes you inside the oldest and most prestigious law school in the country when he becomes a ""One L,"" as entering students are known at Harvard Law School. In a book that became a national bestseller, a law school primer, and a classic autobiography, he brings to life the fascinating, shocking reality of that first year. Provocative and riveting, One L reveals the experience directly from the combat zone: the humiliations, triumphs, hazings, betrayals, and challenges that will make him a lawyer-and forever change Turow's mind, test his principles, and expose his heart."
"9780226424156 On February 6, 1945, Robert Brasillach was executed for treason by a French firing squad. He was a writer of some distinction—a prolific novelist and a keen literary critic. He was also a dedicated anti-Semite, an acerbic opponent of French democracy, and editor in chief of the fascist weekly Je Suis Partout, in whose pages he regularly printed wartime denunciations of Jews and resistance activists. Was Brasillach in fact guilty of treason? Was he condemned for his denunciations of the resistance, or singled out as a suspected homosexual? Was it right that he was executed when others, who were directly responsible for the murder of thousands, were set free? Kaplan's meticulous reconstruction of Brasillach's life and trial skirts none of these ethical subtleties: a detective story, a cautionary tale, and a meditation on the disturbing workings of justice and memory, The Collaborator will stand as the definitive account of Brasillach's crime and punishment. A National Book Award Finalist A National Book Critics Circle Award Finalist ""A well-researched and vivid account.""—John Weightman, New York Review of Books ""A gripping reconstruction of [Brasillach's] trial.""—The New Yorker ""Readers of this disturbing book will want to find moral touchstones of their own. They're going to need them. This is one of the few works on Nazism that forces us to experience how complex the situation really was, and answers won't come easily.""—Daniel Blue, San Francisco Chronicle Book Review ""The Collaborator is one of the best-written, most absorbing pieces of literary history in years.""—David A. Bell, New York Times Book Review ""Alice Kaplan's clear-headed study of the case of Robert Brasillach in France has a good deal of current-day relevance. . . . Kaplan's fine book . . . shows that the passage of time illuminates different understandings, and she leaves it to us to reflect on which understanding is better.""—Richard Bernstein, The New York Times"
"9780312982867 Gregor Demarkian, the former head of the FBI's Behavioral Science Unit, is asked to investigate after a woman's body turns up in Philadelphia's St. Anselm's church, her husband, a local parishioner, commits suicide, and it is discovered that the woman, a severe diabetic, did not die of natural causes but rather had been the victim of arsenic poisoning. Reprint."
"9780141185491 In this novel, Antoine Roquentin, an introspective historian, records the disturbing shifts in his perceptions and his struggle to restore meaning to life in a continuing present and without lies. This is Sartre's first published novel and his first extended essay on existential philosophy."
"9780618083558 J.R.R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings, now firmly acknowledged as one of the most popular books of the twentieth century, has captivated generations of readers with its completely convincing fantasy. In The History of The Lord of the Rings, the author's son & literary heir, Christopher Tolkien, examines the creation of that epic from its inception to its finished form. At the core of these books are many early drafts & unpublished passages by Tolkien, which add greatly to a thorough understanding of his masterpiece. Combining his father's unique vision with his own privileged insight & editorial commentary, Christopher Tolkien's The History of The Lord of the Rings is a set of four volumes -- including one unique to this collection -- that no fan of The Lord of the Rings can afford to overlook. ""One marvels anew at the depth, breadth, & persistence of J.R.R. Tolkien's labor. No one sympathetic to his aims, the invention of a secondary universe, will want to miss this chance to be present at the creation."" -- Publishers Weekly."
"9780273661948 Marketing and the bottom line sets out to change this. Based an extensive and original research involving world-beating companies such as 3M, Accenture, British Airways, Diageo and McDonald's, this book analyzes the impact that marketing has on the financial well-being of a company. Viewing marketing as a strategic board-level function, Ambler sets out a new generation of marketing metrics designed to make marketing more accountable for what it does, what it spends and what it earns."
"9780060760250 A family without men, the Birches live gloriously offbeat lives in the lush, green backwoods of North Carolina. Radiant, headstrong Sophia and her shy, brilliant daughter, Margaret, possess powerful charms to ward off loneliness, despair, and the human misery that often beats a path to their door. And they are protected by the eccentric wisdom and muscular love of the remarkable matriarch Charlie Kate, a solid, uncompromising, self-taught healer who treats everything from boils to broken bones to broken hearts. Sophia, Margaret, and Charlie Kate find strength in a time when women almost always depended on men, and their bond deepens as each one experiences love and loss during World War II. Charms for the Easy Life is a passionate, luminous, and exhilarating story about embracing what life has to offer ... even if it means finding it in unconventional ways. This P.S. edition features an extra 16 pages of insights into the book, including author interviews, recommended reading, and more."
"9780385339704 When the Supreme Court's most liberal and most conservative justices are gunned down, law student Darby Shaw builds a case against a powerful suspect, whose threats send her underground. Reprint. 35,000 first printing."
"9780446614832 In James Patterson's shockingly suspenseful #1 New York Times bestseller, one member of the Women's Murder Club is hiding a secret so dangerous that it could destroy them all. One of James Patterson's best loved heroines is about to die. Detective Lindsay Boxer is jogging along a beautiful San Francisco street when a fiery explosion rips through the neighborhood. When Lindsay plunges inside to search for survivors, she finds three people dead. A lost infant and a mysterious message at the scene leaves Lindsay and the San Francisco Police Department completely baffled. Then a prominent businessman is found murdered under bizarre circumstances, with another mysterious message left behind by the killer. Lindsay asks her friends Claire Washburn of the medical examiner's office, Assistant D.A. Jill Bernhardt, and Chronicle reporter Cindy Thomas to help her figure out who is committing these murders-and why they are intent on killing someone every three days. Even more terrifying, the killer has targeted one of the four friends who call themselves the Women's Murder Club. Which one will it be?"
"9780399153594 Hoping to reconcile with the mother of his child, reluctant contract killer John Rain inadvertently places them in the path of dangerous enemies and is forced to recruit the help of his nemesis from the Japanese FBI and an ex-marine sniper to preserve all of their lives. By the author of Killing Rain. 50,000 first printing."
"9780552999953 The author presents a terrifying vision of a world out of control, ruled by drug lords and their criminal organizations and encouraging an environment of lawlessness and chaos."
"9780060731304 Marian Keyes has introduced readers to the lives, loves, and foibles of the five Walsh sisters -- Claire, Maggie, Rachel, Helen, and Anna -- and their crazy mammy. In this funny, heartbreaking, and triumphant new tale set in the Big Apple, it's Anna's turn in the spotlight. Life is perfect for Anna Walsh. She has the ""Best Job in the World"" as a PR exec for a top-selling urban beauty brand, a lovely apartment in New York, and a perfect husband -- the love of her life, Aidan Maddox. Until the morning she wakes up in her mammy's living room in Dublin with stitches in her face, a dislocated knee, and completely smashed-up hands -- and no memory of how she got there. While her mammy plays nursemaid (just like all of her favorite nurses on her soaps), and her sister Helen sits in wet hedges doing her private investigator work for Lucky Star PI, Anna tries to get better and keeps wondering why Aidan won't return her phone calls or e-mails. Recuperating from her injuries, a mystified Anna returns to Manhattan. Slowly beginning to remember what happened, she sets off on a search to find Aidan -- a hilarious quest involving lilies (she can't stop smelling them), psychics, mediums, and anyone in the city who can promise her a reunion with her beloved. . . . Written in her classic style, marrying the darker parts of life with humor and wit, Anybody Out There? is Marian Keyes's best novel to date, a wonderfully charming look at love here and ever after."
"9780743422000 'Vonnegut is our strongest writer...the most stubbornly imaginative' - John Irving Setting himself up as a 'reporter on the afterlife,' Vonnegut bravely allows himself to be dispatched on a round-trip to the Pearly Gates - or at least that's what he claims - in these 30-odd comic and irreverent 'interviews' with the likes of William Shakespeare, Adolf Hitler and Clarence Darrow. A delight for all Vonnegut devotees, it will appeal to just about anyone with a sense of humour."
"9780380759507 The inhabitants of a remote estate in Florida's savannah country fall under the spell of a horrible predator who inflames and perverts their sexual desires, leading to a series of bizarre and deadly encounters"
"9780826418975 First published in 1962 and long unavailable, BEYOND THE CHAINS OF ILLUSION is, only at first glance, a book about Marx and Freud--those two intellectual giants of the 20th century. Fromm here shows himself an outstanding interpreter of Marx. In all, Fromm's re-creation of the Freudian and Marxist way of thinking is, essentially, a look at the individual and society. BEYOND THE CHAINS OF ILLUSION will introduce many of today's readers to unknown aspects of Marx and Freud, as it also serves as a unique introduction to the life and mind of Erich Fromm as well. A new foreword by Fromm Literary Executor Rainer Funk puts this book into historic context and high relief."
"9780226677149 ""Movement 2. The rumble of distant events in Germany and Spain presages the storm of WWII. In England, even as the whirl of marriages and adulteries, fashions and frivolities, personal triumphs and failures gathers speed, men and women find themselves on the brink of fateful choices."
"9781400032532 Draws on the Washington papers from archives at the University of Virginia to chronicle George Washington's military career and presidential years, discussing his struggle to keep an emerging America united and other accomplishments."
"9780156001267 A new translation of the most famous work of a witty, irreverent Roman poet captures the mischievous spirit of this man of letters who wrote candid poems about love and suffered a death in exile."
"9780345476517 Written by Adams's editor and close-friend, an authorized biography of the late author of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy and its sequels offers a larger-than-life portrait of the inimitable Douglas Adams, based on material from the author's family. Reprint. 20,000 first printing."
"9780393930139 Long the standard teaching anthology, the landmark Norton Anthology of Literature by Women has introduced generations of readers to the rich variety of women's writing in English."
"9780679890706 The magic tree house takes Jack and Annie to San Francisco in 1906, in time for them to experience one of the biggest earthquakes the United States had ever known."
"9780140139976 In Alaska to film a famous children's book, the crew of a big-bucks Hollywood production company encounters a tribe of people who have had little contact with whites. By the author of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. Reprint."
"9780385732536 In this novel that unites characters from ""The Giver"" and ""Gathering Blue,"" Matty, a young member of a utopian community that values honesty, conceals an emerging healing power that he cannot explain or understand."
"9780385720106 While under the care of Alice Goodwin, a neighbor's child drowns in the Goodwins' pond, a devastating accident that has profound repercussions for the entire Goodwin family, in a story set in a small Midwestern farm town"
"9780060541835 Armed with the latest gifts of advanced technology, a California scientist, a ruthless corporation agent, and a mercenary hunter face the dangers of the Congo jungle in search of the diamonds of the lost city of Zinj. Reprint."
"9780330371247 ""Sexual temptation, homicidal maniacs, car crashes and doughnut addiction are all in a day's work for Stephanie Plum. Now there's another male in her life. He's big, he's orange, and he howls when he's left alone. But nothing could prepare her for the disaster she faces when Grandma Mazur moves in. "" -- back cover."
"9780446678452 The ""New York Times"" bestseller and Oprah's Book Club Pick--the unique and deeply moving epic of four generations of African-American women based on one family's ancestral past."
"9780380732029 When a male erotic dancer who asked him for help is killed, Slider probes the victim's sordid career amid seedy nightclubs, prostitutes, and unconventional cabinet ministers, and he links the killing to that of a popular constable. Reprint. PW. K. NYT."
"9780099282648 ""Tender Branson, the last surviving member of the Creedish death cult, has commandeered a Boeing 747, emptied of passengers, in order to tell his story to the plane's black box before it crashes. Brought up by the repressive cult and, like all Creedish younger sons, hired out as a domestic servant, Tender finds himself suddenly famous when his fellow cult members all commit suicide. As media messiah he ascends to the very top of the freak-show heap before finally and apocalyptically spiralling out of control."""
"9780486432540 In his monumental Critique of Pure Reason, German philosopher Immanuel Kant (1724–1804) argues that human knowledge is limited by the capacity for perception. He attempts a logical designation of two varieties of knowledge: a posteriori, the knowledge acquired through experience; and a priori, knowledge not derived through experience. Kant maintains that the most practical forms of human knowledge employ the a priori judgments that are possible only when the mind determines the conditions of its own experience. This accurate translation by J. M. Meiklejohn offers a simple and direct rendering of Kant's work that is suitable for readers at all levels."
"9780140230277 Now with a child of her own, Paige is still haunted by memories of her own mother, who left when she was five, and plagued by constant self-doubt."
"9780684852638 A New York Times Notable Book of the Year Twenty-five years ago, after Richard Nixon resigned the presidency, Gerald Ford promised a return to normalcy. “My fellow Americans, our long national nightmare is over,” President Ford declared. But it was not. The Watergate scandal, and the remedies against future abuses of power, would have an enduring impact on presidents and the country. In Shadow, Bob Woodward takes us deep into the administrations of Ford, Carter, Reagan, Bush and Clinton to describe how each discovered that the presidency was forever altered. With special emphasis on the human toll, Woodward shows the consequences of the new ethics laws, and the emboldened Congress and media. Powerful investigations increasingly stripped away the privacy and protections once expected by the nation's chief executive. Shadow is an authoritative, unsettling narrative of the modern, beleaguered presidency."
"9780072226966 Written by FBI insiders, this updated best-seller offers a look at the legal, procedural, and technical steps of incident response and computer forensics. Including new chapters on forensic analysis and remediation, and real-world case studies, this revealing book shows how to counteract and conquer today’s hack attacks."
"9780375727573 Determined that he will someday be a great poet, Olaf Karason pursues his dream in the face of the contempt and indifference of the people around him, taking up a life of poverty, loneliness, failed love affairs, and sexual scandal as he journeys across Iceland to seek his goal. Reprint. 17,500 first printing."
"9780345443601 Heir to the throne of Faerie, Private Investigator Meredith Gentry faces unforeseen enemies and must summon magical powers to battle the evil that threatens to devour her."
"9780385316576 In a series of poignant letters, Olga, an elderly Italian woman, writes to her teenaged granddaughter in America, trying to encourage her independence and self-fulfillment as she relates the painful lessons of her own life and that of her daughter. Reprint."
"9781593077099 Fresh from the killing fields of Jabiim, where the Empire has virtually wiped out the populace of that world, Imperial Lieutenant Janek Sunber is sent to the quiet prison base on Kalist VI. But, unbeknownst to the Empire, the Rebels have designs on Kalist Base both for its desirable fuel supplies, and for the presence of a very important prisoner-one of their own who has already attracted the interest of Darth Vader. Sunber doesn't know it, but he's on a collision course with an old friend who is with the Rebels, and he finds himself wondering which of them is on the wrong side of the war. • Just in time for the thirtieth anniversary of Star Wars comes a story that reintroduces a character not mentioned since A New Hope! • Collecting issues #35-40 of Star Wars Empire, this graphic novel holds a surprise that is sure to delight every Star Wars fan!"
"9780321399533 From the Longman Cultural Editions series, this second edition of Frankenstein presents Mary Shelley's remarkable novel in several provocative and illuminating contexts: cultural, critical, and literary. Series Editor Susan J. Wolfson presents the 1818 version of Mary Shelley's famous novel in its cultural and historical contexts. Like all great works of fiction, Frankenstein gains depth and dimension from its ""conversation"" with contemporary texts, especially those by Shelley's own parents, husband, and friends. A lively introduction is complemented by a chronology coordinating Shelley's life with key historical events and a speculative calendar of the novel's events in the late eighteenth century. In addition to the 1818 text, this cultural edition features the introduction to and a sample revision of the 1831 version. New to this Edition is Frankentalk, a section of selected references to Frankenstein in the popular press, and the complete text of Richard Brinsley Peake’s Frankenstein, A Romantic Drama, the first stage version of Frankenstein."
"9780425181607 The best-selling author offers a subjective tour of favorite books, films, and television programs which have met his criteria for great horror, examines the attractions and satisfactions of horror stories, and recounts his own vital encounter with horror. Reprint."
9780486276809 Ten-year-old Mary comes to live in a lonely house on the Yorkshire moors and discovers an invalid cousin and the mysteries of a locked garden.
"9780072920963 The best-selling textbook in the field, The Last Dance offers an interdisciplinary introduction to death, dying, and bereavement. Integrating the experiential and the scholarly, as well as the emotional and intellectual dimensions of death and dying, the seventh edition has been thoroughly revised to provide the most cutting-edge coverage of death studies."
"9781582293080 Forensic entomologist Nick Polchak (a.k.a. the Bug Man) is hired by 30-year-old Kathryn Guilford, who is terrified of bugs, to solve her friend's death. When Polchak stumbles into the mystery of how Kathryn's husband was killed years earlier, Polchak finds himself on the run with his client from someone who will do anything to keep a secret."
"9780787976385 In yet another page-turner, New York Times best-selling author and acclaimed management expert Patrick Lencioni addresses the costly and maddening issue of silos, the barriers that create organizational politics. Silos devastate organizations, kill productivity, push good people out the door, and jeopardize the achievement of corporate goals. As with his other books, Lencioni writes Silos, Politics, and Turf Wars as a fictional—but eerily realistic—story. The story is about Jude Cousins, an eager young management consultant struggling to launch his practice by solving one of the more universal and frustrating problems faced by his clients. Through trial and error, he develops a simple yet ground-breaking approach for helping them transform confusion and infighting into clarity and alignment."
"9780684867854 Leaving his Southern home for Harvard University, New York City, and then, Europe, Eugen Gant explores his manhood and his American identity, falling in love with a beautiful stage designer along the way."
"9781852402877 Tells the story of an adventure that began when the authors, founders of IRIS Ministries, and both natives of California, USA, answered God's call to minister to the poorest of the poor."
"9780684800707 Translated by PEN translation award-winner Joachim Neugroschel, The Metamorphosis, In the Penal Colony, and Other Stories has garnered critical acclaim and is widely recognized as the preeminent English-language anthology of Kafka's stories. These translations illuminate one of this century's most controversial writers and have made Kafka's work accessible to a whole new generation. This classic collection of forty-one great short works -- including such timeless pieces of modern fiction as ""The Judgment"" and ""The Stoker"" -- now includes two new stories, ""First Sorrow"" and ""The Hunger Artist."""
"9781592572229 Presents an overview of the world's major religions, and answers questions about the history, rituals, celebrations, structure, holy documents, and deities of major and lesser-known religions."
"9780195119206 ""Accurst be he that first invented war,"" wrote Christopher Marlowe--a declaration that most of us would take as a literary, not literal, construction. But in this sweeping overview of the rise of civilization, Robert O'Connell finds that war is indeed an invention--an institution that arosedue to very specific historical circumstances, an institution that now verges on extinction. In Ride of the Second Horseman, O'Connell probes the distant human past to show how and why war arose. He begins with a definition that distinguishes between war and mere feuding: war involves group rather than individual issues, political or economic goals, and direction by some governmentalstructure, carried out with the intention of lasting results. With this definition, he finds that ants are the only other creatures that conduct it--battling other colonies for territory and slaves. But ants, unlike humans, are driven by their genes; in humans, changes in our culture and subsistencepatterns, not our genetic hardware, brought the rise of organized warfare. O'Connell draws on anthropology and archeology to locate the rise of war sometime after the human transition from nomadic hunting and gathering to agriculture, when society split between farmers and pastoralists. Around 5500BC, these pastoralists initiated the birth of war with raids on Middle Eastern agricultural settlements. The farmers responded by ringing their villages with walls, setting off a process of further social development, intensified combat, and ultimately the rise of complex urban societies dependentupon warfare to help stabilize what amounted to highly volatile population structures, beset by frequent bouts of famine and epidemic disease. In times of overpopulation, the armies either conquered new lands or self-destructed, leaving fewer mouths to feed. In times of underpopulation, slaves weretaken to provide labor. O'Connell explores the histories of the civilizations of ancient Sumeria, Egypt, Assyria, China, and the New World, showing how war came to each and how it adapted to varying circumstances. On the other hand, societies based on trade employed war much more selectively andpragmatically. Thus, Minoan Crete, long protected from marauding pastoralists, developed a wealthy mercantile society marked by unmilitaristic attitudes, equality between men and women, and a relative absence of class distinctions. In Assyria, by contrast, war came to be an end in itself, in aculture dominated by male warriors. Despite the violence in the world today, O'Connell finds reason for hope. The industrial revolution broke the old patterns of subsistence: war no longer serves the demographic purpose it once did. Fascinating and provocative, Ride of the Second Horseman offers a far-reaching tour of human historythat suggests the age-old cycle of war may now be near its end."
"9780374253844 Floria Aemilia, a concubine to St. Augustine for more than ten years prior to his spiritual awakening, challenges St. Augustine's view of women and love as described in his ""Confessions,"" in a fictional letter addressing faith, doubt, and human relationships"
"9780439890281 A collection of stories from the best YA writers today, who all got their start under the PUSH label, includes new stories from Kevin Brooks, Markus Zusak, Kristen Kemp, Coe Booth, and others. Original."
"9780060725143 When the nineteenth--century ghost of Maria de Silva wakes her up in the middle of the night, Suze knows this is no ordinary visitation -- and not just from the knife at her throat, either. In life, Maria was the fiancée of Jesse -- the same Jesse who was murdered a hundred and fifty years before. The same Jesse Suze is in love with. Maria threatens Suze: The backyard construction must cease. Suze has a pretty good idea what -- or rather, who -- Maria doesn't want found. But in solving Jesse's murder, will Suze end up losing him forever?"
"9780823078943 Take a Trip Down Mockingbird Lane with The Munsters, one of the most beloved families ever to haunt the small screen. For the first time, the complete story of this 1960s sitcom is unmasked, as prolific TV and film historian Stephen Cox ushers you into the house of Munster."
"9781400043330 Old and ill, General Simon Bolivar reexamines his life--reliving his campaigns, recalling his romances, and revealing himself as a lover, libertine, and fighter--during a seven-month voyage down the Magdalena River."
"9780385497398 A fictional account of a plane hijacking by American folk hero D. B. Cooper profiles him as a Vietnam veteran who drifts through the early 1970s counterculture before parachuting and disappearing from the 727 he has hijacked, and who is investigated years later by retired FBI agent Frank Marshall. Reprint."
"9781400095469 In fourteenth-century Greenland, a small Norse settlement struggles for survival through increasingly harsh winters, famine, witchcraft, and a tragic feud between the family of Asgeir Gunnarsson and one of his neighbors. Reprint."
"9781561381487 The illustrated Zen Rock Gardening Book, an introduction to the art, and a creative guide to cultivation; and the Zen Garden, including a 10 1/4"" x 6"" wood tray, white sand, a wooden rake, and five rocks."
"9780671024185 Colleen McCullough captivated millions with her beloved worldwide bestseller The Thorn Birds. Now she takes readers to the birth of modern Australia with a breath-taking saga brimming with drama, history, and passion. It was one of the greatest human experiments ever undertaken: to populate an unknown continent with the criminals of English society. For Richard Morgan, twelve months as a prisoner on the high seas would be just the beginning in a soul-trying test to survive in a hostile new land where, against all odds, he would find a new love and a new life. From the dank cells of England's prisons to the unforgiving frontier of the eighteenth-century outback, Morgan's Run is the epic tale of one man whose strength and character helped settle a country and define its future."
"9780553583298 Working as an assistant camera operator for a major news network, Rune discovers a tape in the network's archives of a man convicted of murder, and, convinced of his innocence, she begins resurrecting the old murder case."
"9781861979339 Sticklers unite! The Queen of Zero Tolerance takes on the sorry state of modern manners, in the spirit of her three million copy worldwide bestseller, Eats, Shoots & Leaves. ""Talk to the hand 'cause the face ain't listening,"" the saying goes. When did the world get to be so rude? When did society become so inconsiderate? It's a topic that has been simmering for years, and Lynne Truss says that it has now reached boiling point. Taking on the boorish behaviour that has become a point of pride for some, Talk to the Hand is a rallying cry for courtesy. Like Eats, Shoots & Leaves, Talk to the Hand is a spirited conversation, not a stuffy guidebook. It is not about forks, for a start. Why hasn't your nephew ever thanked you for that perfect Christmas present? What makes your builder think he can treat you like dirt in your own home? When you phone a utility with a complaint (and have negotiated the switchboard), why can't you ever speak to a person who is authorised to apologise? What accounts for the appalling treatment you receive in shops? Most important, what will it take to roll back a culture that applauds rudeness and finds it so amusing? For anyone who's fed up with the brutality inflicted by modern manners (and is naturally too scared to confront the actual yobs), Talk to the Hand is a colourful call to arms - from the wittiest defender of the civilised world."
"9780452281325 Discusses how to overcome fears, phobias, and panic attacks; improve intimate communication, and cope with anxiety disorders, and includes information about commonly prescribed psychiatric drugs"
"9788179921623 Wisdom to Create a Life of Passion, Purpose, and Peace This inspiring tale provides a step-by-step approach to living with greater courage, balance, abundance, and joy. A wonderfully crafted fable, The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari tells the extraordinary story of Julian Mantle, a lawyer forced to confront the spiritual crisis of his out-of-balance life. On a life-changing odyssey to an ancient culture, he discovers powerful, wise, and practical lessons that teach us to: Develop joyful thoughts Follow our life's mission and calling Cultivate self-discipline and act courageously Value time as our most important commodity Nourish our relationships, and – live fully, one day at a time A FABLE ABOUT FULFILLING YOUR DREAMS AND REACHING YOUR DESTINY"
"9781400051731 Seeking refuge in a convent following the untimely death of her lover, master painter Raphael, a penniless Margherita Luti is forced to surrender her ruby engagement ring, a gift from the artist, to a representative of the Pope, in a sensuous historical novel, set during the Italian Renaissance, that chronicles the passionate love affair between the artist and his muse. Reader's Guide included. Original. 25,000 first printing."
"9780786809196 When Vince heads out to sunny L.A. to go to college, he feels like he is finally going to be able to leave his shady family and their illegal antics behind. Once he arrives at school, he is paired up with the son of a prominent congressman as a roommate-finally some respectability! Not to mention that the girls in college are something else. With his girlfriend, Kendra, giving him such a hard time, Vince is beginning to wonder if single life is the way to go."
"9780613013376 When their father is captured during the war, three children come to London to live with their grandmother and join all the cousins of their talented theatrical family in a school for stage training."
"9780813025933 The life and accomplishments of one of America's most famous ballerinas is highlighted in this monumental portrait of Suzanne Farrell, the celebrated muse to George Balanchine. (Performing Arts)"
"9780756400613 From the magical mysteries of India to the gaslit streets of Victorian London, Mercedes Lackey's unique departure from her Valdemar series follows a young woman doctor as she searches for the secret behind the sorcery in her blood."
"9780452285934 The only living female werewolf, thirty-year-old Elena Michaels takes on a mission to confront Internet billionaire Tyrone Winsloe, who has been capturing Elena's fellow paranormal brethren, conducting experiments on them, and hunting them to their deaths in a live video game. By the author of Bitten. Reprint."
"9780385481960 Nick Twisp, a dark and precocious fourteen-year-old, struggles with the problems of contemporary teens, including high school, divorced parents, paranoia, his virginity, homelessness, and the attentions of a young lady"
"9780822005339 The original CliffsNotes study guides offer a look into key elements and ideas within classic works of literature. CliffsNotes on Glass Menagerie & Streetcar Named Desire explores two popular plays, both of which take place in the South and borrow heavily from author Tennessee Williams’s own life experiences. Following stories marked by struggle among loved ones, this study guide provides summaries and critical commentaries for each scene within the works. Other features that help you figure out this important work include Personal background on the playwright Introduction to and synopsis of the plays In-depth analyses of the cast of characters Review section that features interactive quizzes and suggested essay topics Selected bibliographies for both plays Classic literature or modern-day treasure — you'll understand it all with expert information and insight from CliffsNotes study guides."
"9780553409024 You have never read a book like this before... The Celestine Prophecy contains secrets that are currently changing our world. Drawing on the ancient wisdom found in a Peruvian manuscript, it tells you how to make connections between the events happening in your own life right now...and lets you see what is going to happen to you in the years to come. The story it tells is a gripping one of adventure and discovery, but it is also a guidebook that has the power to crystalize your perceptions of why you are where you are in life...and to direct your steps with a new energy and optimism as you head into tomorrow. A book that comes along just once in a lifetime to change lives forever."
"9781891830600 Craig Thompson - the award-winning creator of Blankets and Good-Bye, Chunky Rice - spent three months travelling through Barcelona, the Alps, and France, as well as Morocco, where he was researching his next graphic novel, Habibi. Spontaneous sketches and a travelogue diary document his adventures and quiet moments, creating a raw and intimate portrait of countries, culture and the wandering artist."
"9780060654856 Having embraced a life of solitude in his own hermitage, Thomas Merton finds his faith tested beyond his imagination when a visit to the hospital leads to a clandestine affair of the heart. Jolted out of his comfortable routine, Merton is forced to reassess his need for love and his commitment to celibacy and the monastic vocation.This astonishing volume traces Merton’s struggle to reconcile his unexpected love with his sacred vows while continuing to grapple with the burning social issues of the day – including racial conflicts, the war in Vietnam, and the Arab-Israeli conflict – visiting and corresponding with high-profile friends like Thich Nhat Hanh and Joan Baez, and further developing his writing career. Revealing Merton to be ‘very human’ in his chronicles of the ecstasy and torment of being in love, Learning to Love comes full circle as Merton recommits himself completely and more deeply to his vocation even as he recognizes ‘my need for love, my loneliness, my inner division, the struggle in which solitude is at once a problem and a ‘solution’. And perhaps not a perfect solution either’ (11 May, 1967)."
"9780811848831 One of the very first Star Wars posters had no images at alljust enormous block letters that announced, ""Coming to Your Galaxy This Summer: Star Wars."" The rest is history. Now, 28 years later, the 350 most amazing Star Wars movie posters are collected for the first time. This compilation spans the surreal to ultra realistic, the campy to darkly serious: Darth Vader's head exploding in a shower of camera parts; Anakin Skywalker casting an ominous Sith shadow; C-3PO and R2-D2 selling Star Wars shoes; Luke and Vader in mortal battle aboard the Death Star. Classic posters are joined with text by the world's foremost Star Wars collector, Stephen Sansweet, and poster collector Peter Vilmur, behind-the-scenes stories from artists and designers, a scarcity guide to over 2,000 posters, and a bootleg identification guide. Exploding with color, The Star Wars Poster Book illuminates an unexplored corner of Star Wars history. 2005 by Lucasfilm Ltd. & TM. All Rights Reserved."
"9780393927696 Adopted at over 450 colleges and universities in its First Edition, Born in Blood and Fire has quickly become the standard survey history of Latin America."
"9780375701474 A study of the growing epidemic of suicide among young people draws on the author's firsthand battle with severe manic-depression and attempted suicide to reveal the psychological, medical, and biological aspects of self-inflicted death."
"9780933121294 African Origins of the Major ""Western Religions"" first published in 1970, continues to be one of Dr. Ben's most thought-provoking works. This critical examination of the history, beliefs and myths, remains instructive and fresh. By highlighting the African influences and roots of these religions, Dr. Ben reveals an untold history that many would prefer to froget."
"9780618685509 While learning to bestow dreams, a young dream giver tries to save an eight-year-old boy from the effects of both his abusive past and the nightmares inflicted on him by the frightening Sinisteeds. 100,000 first printing."
"9781590170700 Norman Moonbloom is a loser, a drop-out who can't even make it as a deadbeat. His brother, a slumlord, hires him to collect rent in the buildings he owns in Manhattan. Making his rounds from apartment to apartment, Moonbloom confronts a wildly varied assortment of brilliantly described urban characters, among them a gay jazz musician with a sideline as a gigolo, a Holocaust survivor, and a brilliant young black writer modeled on James Baldwin. Moonbloom hears their cries of outrage and abuse; he learns about their secret sorrows and desires. And as he grows familiar with their stories, he finds that he is drawn, in spite of his best judgment, into a desperate attempt to improve their lives. Edward Lewis Wallant's astonishing comic tour de force is a neglected masterpiece of 1960s America."
"9780738706122 When the evil wizard Destiny kidnaps Pixel, Score and Helaine must rescue him from the planet Zarathan, where nightmares come true and those who fall asleep die."
"9781842124024 One of the founding-fathers of science fiction, it is in his short stories that Wells first explored the enormous potential of the scientific discoveries of his age. In this first ever complete collection of his stories, 84 minor miracles of the storyteller's art remind us of the relevance of this greatest of modern dreamers."
"9781859843826 Shows how the droughts affecting northern Africa, China, and India in the 1870s and 1890s are consistant with El Niäno effects, and discusses the economic, racial, and political forces that allowed fifty million people to starve."
"9781401209414 Five extraordinary people with seemingly nothing in common share the bond of surviving a cataclysmic event. In a world devoid of super-heroes, they will come together and discover that all they know has been a lie--that the world we live in is not the one we believe it to be. To survive they must unite and face the true masters of our universe. It's a world where literally anything can happen, and probably will--as if living on borrowed time wasn't enough!"
"9780812538830 As the U.S. Army surrounds their reservation in the Florida Everglades, a Seminole warrior chief clings to the slave girl who once saved his life after fleeing from her master, a wife-murderer who is out for blood. Reprint."
"9780312360863 For over 40,000 years, people have been arriving awestruck on Australia, at the edge of the earth. Researched and compiled entirely by students who know how to see the world on the cheap, this guide contains insider tips and information for the socially conscious traveller."
"9780778321583 When her cause-driven fianc leaves for Central America, Jenny Fletcher must fight her temptation to be led astray by his black-sheep brother--the one man she knows she should not give her heart to."
"9780060936198 The Great Depression has bound a nation in despair -- and only a privileged few have risen above it: the exorbitantly wealthy ... and the hucksters who feed upon them. Diego, a seventeen-year-old illegal Mexican immigrant, owes his salvation to master grifter Thomas Schell. Together with Schell's gruff and powerful partner, they sail comfortably through hard times, scamming New York's grieving rich with elaborate, ingeniously staged séances -- until an impossible occurrence changes everything. While ""communing with spirits,"" Schell sees an image of a young girl in a pane of glass, silently entreating the con man for help. Though well aware that his otherworldly ""powers"" are a sham, Schell inexplicably offers his services to help find the lost child -- drawing Diego along with him into a tangled maze of deadly secrets and terrible experimentation. At once a hypnotically compelling mystery and a stunningly evocative portrait of Depression-era New York, The Girl in the Glass is a masterly literary adventure from a writer of exemplary vision and skill."
"9780765342522 Dr. Potter disobeys the decree of the Optimen when he fails to rearrange the unusual genetic structure of an embryo developing in the state's special vat, a decision that could have profound repercussions for the entire human race. Reprint."
"9780060584757 When they were children, Sean Devine, Jimmy Marcus, and Dave Boyle were friends. But then a strange car pulled up to their street. One boy got into the car, two did not, and something terrible happened -- something that ended their friendship and changed all three boys forever. Twenty-five years later, Sean is a homicide detective. Jimmy is an ex-con who owns a corner store. And Dave is trying to hold his marriage together and keep his demons at bay -- demons that urge him to do terrible things. When Jimmy's daughter is found murdered, Sean is assigned to the case. His investigation brings him into conflict with Jimmy, who finds his old criminal impulses tempt him to solve the crime with brutal justice. And then there is Dave, who came home the night Jimmy's daughter died covered in someone else's blood. A tense and unnerving psychological thriller, Mystic River is also an epic novel of love and loyalty, faith and family, in which people irrevocably marked by the past find themselves on a collision course with the darkest truths of their own hidden selves."
"9780978984809 This collection of previously published short shorts by Emerson alumni celebrates the short short genre and the important role Emerson College's writing program has played in the history of that genre. The anthology features authors: Derrick Ableman, Joann Avallon, Rusty Barnes, Jane Berentson, Stace Budzko, Leslie Busler, Jennifer Carr, Keith Carter, Chip Cheek, Amy L. Clark, Kirsten Culbertson, Mark DeCarteret, Erin Dionne, Denise Duhamel, Elizabeth Kemper French, Lee Harrington, Jen Heller, Chris Helmuth, Steve Himmer, Brian Hinshaw, Jacqueline Holland, Amanda Holzer, Shannon Huffman, John F. Kersey, Laurel Dile King, Mariette Landry, Molly Lanzarotta, Don Lee, Matt Marinovich, Tara L. Masih, Melissa McCracken, Sheehan McGuirk, LaTanya McQueen, Maryanne O Hara, Janice O Leary, Josh Pahigian, Jennifer Pieroni, Robert Repino, Ashley Rice, Matt Rittenhouse, Joe Robb, Beth Anne Royer, Brian Ruuska, Mary Saliba, Nina R. Scheider, Kimberly Ann Southwick, R. S. Steinberg, Cam Terwilliger, Terry Thuemling, and Laura van den Berg, as well as an introduction by Ron Carlson and an afterword by Pamela Painter."
"9780340878750 While working in her father's tavern one evening, Maggie Nightingale overhears a dark plan which compels her to join a smuggler and flee on a ship to the New World in an attempt to escape the threats that haunt her."
"9780199280162 The greatest Christian split of all has been that between east and west, between Roman Catholic and eastern Orthodox, which is still apparent today. Henry Chadwick provides a compelling and balanced account of the emergence of divisions between Rome and Constantinople. Starting with the roots of the divergence in Apostolic times, he takes the story right up to the Council of Florence in the fifteenth century."
"9780756605926 A richly illustrated reference provides a definitive guide to all of the superheroes and archvillains of the DC universe, featuring more than one thousand different characters, including images from the original comic books, from the past sixty years of DC Comics."
"9780727853417 Welcome to the Club; it's there to satisfy your deepest desires - if you can afford to indulge them. Mysterious, elegant, sparkling in the Caribbean sun, the lights never go out, the champagne never stops flowing and the rich and beautiful play tantalising games of pain and pleasure."
"9780826415745 Continuum Contemporaries give readers accessible and informative introductions to some of the most popular, most acclaimed, and most influential novels of recent years. A team of contemporary fiction scholars from both sides of the Atlantic has been assembled to provide a through and readable analysis of each of the novels in question. The books in the series all follow the same structure: a biography of the novelist, including other works, influences, and, in some cases, an interview; a full-length study of the novel, drawing out the most important themes and ideas; a summary of how the novel was received upon publication; a summary of how the novel has performed since publication, including film or television adaptations, literary prizes, and so forth; a wide range of suggestions for further reading, including web sites and discussion forums; and a list of questions for reading groups to discuss."
"9780452275003 After Quentin P, a convicted sex offender, is paroled, he embarks on a series of murders, in a chilling book that is told from Quentin's point of view as he kills and eludes the police. Reprint."
"9780552146081 Not only an artistic and breathtaking view of Lancre but also an interesting and informative guide to one of the Discworld's more, er, picturesque kingdoms. Granny Weatherwax, Nanny Ogg and Magrat Garlick live there. Lancre could hardly be somwhere ordinary, could it? Magic glues the Discworld together and a lot of it ends up in Lancre, principal Kingdom of the Ramtop Mountains. Between Uberwald and Whale Bay, the Octarine Grass Country and the Windersins Ocean lies the most exciting and dangerous terrain in all Discworld. The Ramtops supply Discworld with most of its witches and wizards. The leaves on the trees move even when there is no breeze. Rocks go for a stroll in the evening. Even the land, at times, seems alive. The mapp may be only two-dimensional, but watch it very carefully and you might just see it jostle about a bit."
"9780451528308 From ancient Greece to 19th-century America, this collection traces the history of civilization through the seminal works of its most influential thinkers including Plato, Aristotle, St. Thomas Aquinas, John Stuart Mill, and others."
"9780425211892 Juan Cabrillo and the Oregon crew rescue beautiful Sloane Macintyre when her boat is attacked off the African coast, and face a deranged militant who plans to launch a devastating force of nature against those who oppose him."
"9780312304461 Edgar award nominee James N. Frey, author of the internationally best-selling books on the craft of writing, How to Write a Damn Good Novel, How to Write a Damn Good Novel II: Advanced Techniques, and The Key: How to Write Damn Good Fiction Using the Power of Myth, has now written what is certain to become the standard ""how to"" book for mystery writing, How to Write a Damn Good Mystery. Frey urges writers to aim high-not to try to write a good-enough-to-get-published mystery, but a damn good mystery. A damn good mystery is first a dramatic novel, Frey insists-a dramatic novel with living, breathing characters-and he shows his readers how to create a living, breathing, believable character who will be clever and resourceful, willful and resolute, and will be what Frey calls ""the author of the plot behind the plot."" Frey then shows, in his well-known, entertaining, and accessible (and often humorous) style , how the characters-the entire ensemble, including the murderer, the detective, the authorities, the victims, the suspects, the witnesses and the bystanders-create a complete and coherent world. Exploring both the on-stage action and the behind-the-scenes intrigue, Frey shows prospective writers how to build a fleshed-out, believable, and logical world. He shows them exactly which parts of that world show up in the pages of a damn good mystery-and which parts are held back just long enough to keep the reader guessing. This is an indispensable step-by-step guide for anyone who's ever dreamed of writing a damn good mystery."
"9780340828069 He's the King of the Swingers. But she's the Ice Queen. When Dr Jennifer Niederhauser becomes head of the chimpanzee project at Prowdes Animal Sanctuary, the uptight young zoologist looks forward to making her mark in the conservation world. But the regime is ramshackle, the chimpanzees uncontrollable and her first meeting with head keeper Guy Gibson finds him naked and covered in baby oil. She decides never to work with animals or the childish again. But, she may not have a job for much longer anyway - Prowdes is in big financial trouble. Salvation comes in the form of a TV documentary. Prowdes needs the money and exposure. But does Jennifer need to be exposed to the show's smooth presenter, chimpanzee expert Dr Timothy Lauder? The ultimate alpha male."
"9780393040586 Focusing on children from age five to fifteen, the author shows parents how to help their children acquire self-esteem, problem-solving ability, social skills, and emotional control, and how to detect dangers to self-esteem during adolescence."
"9781557091031 Copied out by hand as a young man aspiring to the status of Gentleman, the 110 precepts which make up this work were based on a set of rules composed by French Jesuits in 1595. The first English edition of these rules was available in Francis Hawkins' Youths Behavior, or Decency in Conversation Amongst Men, which appeared in 1640, and it is from this work that George Washington seems to have copied. However much he may have simplified them, these precepts had a strong influence on Washington, who aimed to always live by them. The rules focus on self-respect and respect for others through details of etiquette and offer pointers on such issues as how to dress, walk, eat in public, and address one's superiors."
"9780060570583 The Perennial Philosophy is defined by its author as ""The metaphysic that recognizes a divine Reality substantial to the world of things and lives and minds."" With great wit and stunning intellect, Aldous Huxley examines the spiritual beliefs of various religious traditions and explains them in terms that are personally meaningful."
"9780413772329 In the confused aftermath of a failed suicide attempt, Leonard English follows a vague vision of redemption, and an even vaguer offer of employment to a Cape Cod resort populated by religious zealots and promiscuous transvestites."
"9780553575958 With the arrival of the America's Cup regattas, San Diego Mission Bay cops Fortney and Leeds find their hands full and pursue cup contender Blaze, who sets off a bizarre criminal trail. Reprint."
"9781888996289 The author and her husband, noted activist Abbie Hoffman, share the letters they exchanged in 1974 and 1975 while Abbie was in hiding to avoid imprisonment."
"9780440227700 ""Sandy and Dennys, twins and middle children in the Newbery-winning ""A Wrinkle in Time,"" are transported to the time just before the Flood. . .This will be enjoyed for its suspense and humor as well as its other levels of meaning."" --Pointer, ""Kirkus Reviews "" ""L'Engle blends speculative fiction with biblical theology to create another provocative spellbinding tale."" --""Philadelphia Inquirer"""
"9781400032808 Traces the events that surrounded the 1984 murder of a woman and her child by fundamentalist Mormons Ron and Dan Lafferty, exploring the belief systems and traditions, including polygamy, that mark the faith's most extreme factions and what their practices reflect about the nature of religion in America. Reader's Guide available. Reprint. 300,000 first printing."
"9780756620950 Featuring character profiles, maps, art from original paperbacks, and more, this is the first and only fully illustrated guide to Robert E. Howard's epic fantasy world of Hyboria and to Conan, its greatest champion. Full color."
"9780385497145 Suggests a series of exploratory walks around Manhattan's shoreline tours to offer insight into the history, myths, economy, ecology, and politics surrounding the Brooklyn Bridge and other public spaces and landmarks."
"9780767921961 A humorous but helpful handbook offers survival strategies for women who are getting over Mr. Wrong and struggling to rebuild their lives, covering everything from ending a relationship permanently to finding a brighter romantic future."
"9780330419581 Inspired by the description of Bolivia's San Pedro Prison in the ""Lonely Planet"" guidebook, Young decided to spend four months listening to inmate McFadden and learning about one of the strangest places on earth."
"9781844671083 A high-energy philosophical manifesto on the concept and virtues of universal values addresses such topics as Heidegger's engagement with the Third Reich, the role of class struggles in global capitalism, and the legacy of Christianity against New Age spiritualism. Original."
"9780375826894 Gadgets, girls, and bad guys—Adam Sharp has everything the big boys have and more! Fifty-seven channels, and there’s nothing on—literally! When the world’s television satellites are blocked by just one station, the Happy Channel, superspy Adam Sharp, travels to the Australian Outback to investigate. But will the help of IM-8 agent Alice Springs, TV snake-wrangler Wayne Wallaby, and two kangaroos be enough to combat the evil mindwashing of the Happy Channel’s puppy dogs, candy, and birthday cake? In addition to the popular Golden Books Ghost Horse, Snake Camp, and Wild Horses, George Edward Stanley is the author of the Third Grade Detectives series for Simon & Schuster. George, a professor at Cameron University, teaches writing and foreign languages, including Albanian, Zulu, and Xhosa. The author lives in Lawton, OK."
"9780385313612 Brer Rabbit will never learn! He loves to play jokes, tricks and set traps for his friends - but once in a while, they beat him at his own game! These timeless stories of the briar patch trickster are re-told in Blyton's hugely popular and successful style. This collection contains many Brer Rabbit stories from the books Enid Blyton's Brer Rabbit Book, Brer Rabbit Again and Brer Rabbit's a Rascal."
"9780007105045 ""The two works 'On fairy-stories' and 'Leaf by Niggle' were first brought together to form the book 'Tree and leaf' in 1964. In this new edition a third element is added: the poem Mythopoeia, the making of myths...""--Preface."
"9780156932509 This essay collection discusses literature in relation to science, philosophy, and politics in studies of great classical works and tributes to such contemporary writers as Eugenio Montale, Roland Barthes, and Marianne Moore"
"9780791081266 One of Edith Wharton's most critically acclaimed books, this Pulitzer Prize-winning novel tells the story of love in the high society of 1870s New York."
"9780141184883 Published just one year after ""On The Road"", this is the story of two men enganged in a passionate search for Dharma or truth. Their major adventure is the pursuit of the Zen Way, which takes them climbing into the High Sierras to seek the lesson of solitude."
"9780312932787 Matilda Goodnight and Davy Dempsy are both trying to get the upper hand with the gorgeous gold-digging Clea Lewis, but they will forge a temporary if reluctant alliance to take on an inept art collector, a disgruntled heir, an exasperated hitmat, and a seductive femme fatale as they deal with false identities, forged paintings, swindles, and love. 100,000 first printing."
"9780060934439 Known as ""the Leopard,"" the president of Zaire for thirty-two years, Mobutu Sese Seko, showed all the cunning of his namesake -- seducing Western powers, buying up the opposition, and dominating his people with a devastating combination of brutality and charm. While the population was pauperized, he plundered the country's copper and diamond resources, downing pink champagne in his jungle palace like some modern-day reincarnation of Joseph Conrad's crazed station manager. Michela Wrong, a correspondent who witnessed Mobutu's last days, traces the rise and fall of the idealistic young journalist who became the stereotype of an African despot. Engrossing, highly readable, and as funny as it is tragic, In the Footsteps of Mr. Kurtz assesses the acts of the villains and the heroes in this fascinating story of the Democratic Republic of Congo."
"9781403967923 Strawberry Days tells the vivid and moving tale of the creation and destruction of a Japanese immigrant community. Before World War II, Bellevue, the now-booming ""edge city"" on the outskirts of Seattle, was a prosperous farm town renowned for its strawberries. Many of its farmers were recent Japanese immigrants who, despite being rejected by white society, were able to make a living cultivating the rich soil. Yet the lives they created for themselves through years of hard work vanished almost instantly after the bombing of Pearl Harbor. David Neiwert combines compelling story-telling with first-hand interviews and newly uncovered documents to weave together the history of this community and the racist schemes that prevented the immigrants from reclaiming their land after the war. Ultimately, Strawberry Days represents more than one community's story, reminding us that bigotry's roots are deeply entwined in the very fiber of American society."
"9780375407932 A trio of novel--All the Pretty Horses, The Crossing, and Cities of the Plain--that chronicles the lives and fates of two young men coming of age in the American Southwest and Mexico are combined in a single volume. 20,000 first printing."
"9780802136688 The author chronicles the tumultuous events of his early life, discussing his parents' divorce, the nomadic wanderings with his mother that followed, and the strange and eventful process of growing up."
"9781932386226 In the Highlands of the Middle Kingdoms, where witchcraft and warlords vie for power, a warrior-priestess named Artesia fights for her king against the rulers of rival citadels. Collecting all six issues of the first Artesia mini-series!"
"9780099448754 When a man's favourite elephant vanishes, the balance of his whole life is subtly upset; a couple's midnight hunger pangs drive them to hold up a McDonald's; a woman finds she is irresistible to a small green monster that burrows through her front garden; an insomniac wife wakes up to a twilight world of semi-consciousness in which anything seems possible - even death. In every one of the stories that make up The Elephant Vanishes, Murakami makes a determined assault on the normal. He has a deadpan genius for dislocating realities to uncover the surreal in the everyday, the extraordinary in the ordinary."
"9780743203319 With AIDS about to claim a well-loved young man, three generations of his family are reunited at his bedside in Ireland, in a novel that explores the nature of love and the complex interrelationships among family members."
"9780060745905 When Dorothy triumphed over the Wicked Witch of the West in L. Frank Baum's classic tale, we heard only her side of the story. But what about her arch-nemesis, the mysterious Witch? Where did she come from? How did she become so wicked? And what is the true nature of evil? Gregory Maguire creates a fantasy world so rich and vivid that we will never look at Oz the same way again. Wicked is about a land where animals talk and strive to be treated like first-class citizens, Munchkinlanders seek the comfort of middle-class stability, and the Tin Man becomes a victim of domestic violence. And then there is the little green-skinned girl named Elphaba, who will grow up to become the infamous Wicked Witch of the West, a smart, prickly, and misunderstood creature who challenges all our preconceived notions about the nature of good and evil."
"9780307237903 Henry is generally well-behaved, but he is occasionally arrogant and vain. Henry is at heart a hard worker, but his frequent bouts of illness hinder his work."
"9781400052370 Collects more than 150 recipes, ranging from appetizers to desserts, that emphasize bold, flavorful, and colorful foods that do not require a lot of time or effort to create."
9780765344311 Richard struggles to find his missing wife Kahlan in spite of the bizarre fact that no one else seems to believe she actually exists or that he is married to her.
"9780140449143 A model for the ideal state includes discussion of the nature and application of justice, the role of the philosopher in society, the goals of education, and the effects of art upon character."
"9780060931803 An enthralling glimpse into the life of William Smith, a nineteenth-century engineer who became the founding father of modern geology, explores his creation of a lavish map detailing his discovery that rocks are comprised of many different layers amidst the backdrop of his wife's madness and debtors prison. By the author of The Professor and the Madman. Reprint."
"9780312241353 An examination of the AIDS crisis exposes the federal government for its inaction, health authorities for their greed, and scientists for their desire for prestige in the face of the AIDS pandemic."
"9780842356299 Ashley Baxter keeps her family and God at a distance trying to prove she can survive on her own, until the tragedy of September 11 changes her life forever."
"9780435233075 Willy Loman has been a salesman all his life, but at sixty he is forced to take stock of his life and face its futility and failure. His predicament gives him heroic stature in this modern-day tragedy."
"9780231073370 The Pillow Book of Sei Shonagon is an immensely detailed account of court life in eleventh-century Japan. Written at the height of Heian culture, it is a classic text of great literary beauty, full of lively anecdotes, humorous observations, and subtle impressions. Sei Shonagon was a contemporary and erstwhile rival of Lady Murasaki, whose novel, The Tale of Genji, fictionalized the court life that Lady Shonagon captures so vividly in her diary. The Pillow Book contains her reflections on royal and religious ceremonies, nature, pilgrimage, conversation, and poetry. Lady Shonagon shares character sketches and the things she both loves and loathes. Her style is so eloquent, her wit so sharp, even the briefest fragments enchant us. There is no better introduction to the daily preoccupations of the Heian upper class, and Ivan Morris's notes and contextualization enrich the material for scholars and general readers."
"9780143036067 Excerpts and passages from the personal diaries of the great Beat writer chronicle a pivotal era in Kerouac's life, describing the creation of his first novel, The Town and City; his special friendships with Allen Ginsberg, William S. Burroughs, and Neal Cassady; and his own take on the events described in On the Road. Reprint."
"9780618711666 Presents a novel of life in modern India, chronicling the interwoven journey of an American marine biologist and a Delhi businessman who travel to the remote Sundarban islands."
9780452282094 The theft and mysterious reappearance of a cross from a Manhattan church precipitates a hunt for the culprits that will soon uncover a strange prophecy about a rebirth of the United States. Reprint.
"9780060753634 A guide for loving couples who are looking to renew sexual passion in their lives explains how societal taboos and ideals about domestic equality have compromised the healthy expression of eroticism in today's relationships, in a resource that explains how to overcome personal constraints for greater intimacy. 40,000 first printing."
"9780285647473 The key book in our quest for understanding of ourselves and our lives.What differences are there in Eastern and Western thought regarding the nature of the human mind and our role in the cosmos? How can Zen and psychoanalysis help us in our struggle to realise our full potential as human beings and members of society?Erich Fromm's seminal work among contemporary efforts to resolve our spiritual crisis results here in the great achievement of a language to reveal the contributions of Zen and psychoanalysis to our 'struggle to be fully born'. He shows how both can teach us in their different ways to live our lives rather than be 'lived by them'.D.T. Suzuki explains with profound and gentle wisdom how Western materialism and intellectualism contrast with the Eastern concept of acceptance as the basis of well-being for the 'whole man'. His illuminating discussion of the unconscious and the self shed fresh light on our understanding of our own nature.Combined with Richard De Martino's clear account of the psychology of Zen, these writings make up a work of brilliance and value that has much to help us in our quest for understanding."
9780821775509 This is the second title in a new trilogy about three noble vampires entrusted with the protection of their kind who discover that human desire is far from lost to them and that love may be the only thing they long for more than life everlasting.
"9780140444438 Dante relates his mystical interpretation of the heavens, and his moment of transcendent glory, as he journeys, first with Beatrice, then alone, toward the Trinity. Including an interpretive commentary, a glossary and bibliography, this translation seeks to clarify the theological themes and make Dante accessible to the English-speaking public."
"9780140137347 Offers an account of the emergence of Christianity from the Ancient World. Foucault describes the stranger byways of Greek medicine (with its advice on the healthiest season for sex and exercise and diet), the permitted ways of courting young boys, and the economists' ideas about the role of women."
"9781594489426 Wherever you look, there's trouble and wonder, pain and beauty, restoration and darkness--sometimes all at once. Yet amid the confusion, if you look carefully, in nature or in the kitchen, in ordinariness or in mystery, beyond the emotion muck we all slog"
"9780806132792 The Mexican-American War of the 1840s, precipitated by border disputes and the U.S. annexation of Texas, ended with the military occupation of Mexico City by General Winfield Scott. In the subsequent treaty, the United States gained territory that would become California, Nevada, New Mexico, Arizona, Utah, and parts of Wyoming and Colorado. In this highly readable account, John S.D. Eisenhower provides a comprehensive survey of this frequently overlooked war."
"9780140445145 'Twilight of the Idols', an attack on all the prevalent ideas of his time, offers a lightning tour of his whole philosophy. It also prepares the way for 'The Anti-Christ', a final assault on institutional Christianity. Both works show Nietzsche lashing out at self-deception, astounded at how often morality is based on vengefulness and resentment. Both reveal a profound understanding of human mean-spiritedness which still cannot destroy the underlying optimism of Nietzsche, the supreme affirmer among the great philosophers."
"9780060598853 Dear Reader: In a previous life, before the time of Plum, I wrote twelve short romance novels. Red-hot screwball comedies, each and every one of them. Nine of these stories were originally published by the Loveswept line between the years 1988 and 1992. All immediately went out of print and could be found only at used bookstores and yard sales. I'm excited to tell you that those nine stories are now being re-released by HarperCollins. Back to the Bedroom is presented here in almost original form. I've done only minor editing to correct some embarrassing bloopers missed the first time around. I lived in northern Virginia when I wrote Back to the Bedroom. My children were young, and we spent a lot of time visiting the Washington, D.C. museums and wandering through the historic neighborhoods. One day while strolling Capitol Hill I came upon two townhouses that captured my imagination. The houses were totally different -- a birthday cake of a house and a bran muffin of a house, and yet they shared a common wall. I wondered about the people who lived inside the houses. And eventually the houses inspired Back to the Bedroom. Back to the Bedroom is the story of a young woman with the soul of a birthday cake living in a bran muffin house -- and a nice-looking guy with the substance of a bran muffin living in a birthday cake. They share some misadventures, some romantic moments, some misunderstandings, and ultimately they turn into wedding cake. And for Plum fans, you'll be interested to find that this was the first of the four romances to feature Elsie Hawkins, the prototype for Grandma Mazur. Janet Evanovich"
"9780743227445 The #1 New York Times bestseller from “the queen of royal fiction” (USA TODAY) Philippa Gregory is a rich, compelling novel of love, sex, ambition, and intrigue surrounding the Tudor court of Henry VIII, Anne Boleyn, and the infamous Boleyn family. When Mary Boleyn comes to court as an innocent girl of fourteen, she catches the eye of the handsome and charming Henry VIII. Dazzled by the king, Mary falls in love with both her golden prince and her growing role as unofficial queen. However, she soon realizes just how much she is a pawn in her family’s ambitious plots as the king’s interest begins to wane, and soon she is forced to step aside for her best friend and rival: her sister, Anne. With her own destiny suddenly unknown, Mary realizes that she must defy her family and take fate into her own hands. With more than one million copies in print and adapted for the big screen, The Other Boleyn Girl is a riveting historical drama. It brings to light a woman of extraordinary determination and desire who lived at the heart of the most exciting and glamorous court in Europe, and survived a treacherous political landscape by following her heart."
"9780743482790 Macbeth: The DVD Edition includes everything you've come to expect from the Folger Shakespeare Library editions of Shakespeare's plays -- facing-page explanatory notes, scene-by-scene plot summaries, illustrations from the Folger archives -- combined here with a bonus DVD of a performance of Macbeth recorded before a rapt audience in the Folger's intimate Elizabethan Theatre. Conceived and directed by Teller (of Penn & Teller) and Aaron Posner, this acclaimed production showcases the inventive magic of Teller, who, with Posner, contributes a new foreword to this edition, writing about their vision of the play as a ""supernatural horror thriller."" Macbeth: The DVD Edition is the perfect volume for those encountering the play for the first time and for those finding brilliant new insights into a classic. THIS DVD EDITION INCLUDES: • DVD of the 2008 Folger Theatre/Two River Theater Company production -- with over 50 minutes of special features, including interviews with the directors, actors, designers, and scholars • Foreword by directors Teller and Aaron Posner on the staging of Macbeth • Freshly edited text based on the 1623 First Folio • Full explanatory notes conveniently placed on pages facing the text of the play • A key to the play's famous lines and phrases • An introduction to reading Shakespeare's language in Macbeth • Illustrations from the Folger Shakespeare Library's vast holdings of rare books • An essay by Susan Snyder that provides a modern perspective on the play"
"9781843607403 Moonlust: ""During Brianna's trip to the Ural Mountains of Russia, a life-threatening accident places her at the mercy of a strange, reclusive man. A man whose secrets and unquenchable hunger will change her life forever...""--Publisher description."
"9781402726002 A nineteenth-century boy, floating down the Mississippi River on a raft with a runaway slave, becomes involved with a feuding family, two scoundrels pretending to be royalty, and Tom Sawyer's aunt, who mistakes him for Tom."
"9780060898656 Five days after a terrorist attack decimates his home city, Brian Remy struggles with gaps in his memory pertaining to a self-inflicted gunshot wound, a girlfriend whose name he does not know, and deteriorating eyesight, a situation that is further challenged when he is recruited to gather information for a shadowy intelligence operation. 100,000 first printing."
"9781883398293 More than 150 artworks, spanning 20 years in the career of the world's most renowned artist of the fantastical and the surreal, are gathered in one volume, rich with detail and color. Carefully rendered reproductions of Giger's best paintings are accompanied by his own commentary. 70 color illus. 75 bandw illus. 25 bandw photos."
"9780312277109 Completed prior to the author's 1984 suicide, a last unpublished novel explores what he terms the fragile and mysterious shadowland surrounding death and considers the protagonist's ruminations on another person's suicide. By the author of Trout Fishing in America. Reprint. 35,000 first printing."
"9781840462685 In this Reader's Guide, Carl Plasa provides a comprehensive survey and analysis of the most stimulating critical responses to Wide Sargasso Sea. The opening chapter outlines initial reactions to the novel from English and Caribbean critics, charting the differences between them. Chapter Two explores Wide Sargasso Sea 's dialogue with Jane Eyre and the theoretical questions it has raised. Succeeding chapters examine how critics have assessed the racial politics of Rhys's text, discuss the novel's African Caribbean cultural legacy, and explore how critics read the work both in terms of its moment of production and the early Victorian period in which it is set."
"9780064440950 Chester, a wild horse who wants to be tame, comes to the city looking for a home. ‘Reading for fun: the artist’s sense of pacing makes this book race along.’ —Saturday Review."
"9780060921712 A collection of short stories, most of which appeared in literary magazines during the author's lifetime, along with previously unpublished works, spans the career of one of the century's foremost African-American writers. Reprint."
"9780201748673 Illustrating her ideas with hundreds of examples, Williams takes her lessons on creative design, highly regarded within the graphics community, and applies them to the Web. Full color."
"9780099730514 SIX MEMOS FOR THE NEXT MILLENNIUM is the text to a series of lectures which became an obsession for Italo Calvino in the last year of his life. Drawing on the works of Lucretius, Ovid, Boccaccio, Falubert, Kundera, Perec and many more, he pinpoints the universal laws and indispensable literary values future generations might cherish -lightness, quickness, exactitude, visibility and multiplicity. It is an eloquent and lively 'defence' of literature - a fitting gift for the next millennium."
"9781585421770 A surfer, photojournalist, and author describes his two-year odyssey from Mexico to Central America to search for his missing long-time friend and surfing companion, Christopher Conner, and his bizarre adventures along the way."
"9780312199432 One Thousand White Women is the story of May Dodd and a colorful assembly of pioneer women who, under the auspices of the U.S. government, travel to the western prairies in 1875 to intermarry among the Cheyenne Indians. The covert and controversial ""Brides for Indians"" program, launched by the administration of Ulysses S. Grant, is intended to help assimilate the Indians into the white man's world. Toward that end May and her friends embark upon the adventure of their lifetime. Jim Fergus has so vividly depicted the American West that it is as if these diaries are a capsule in time."
"9780060652852 Known throughout the world as the intellect behind The Chronicles of Narnia and as the twentieth century's most influential Christian writer, C. S. Lewis has stirred millions of readers through his probing insights, passionate arguments, and provocative questions about God, love, life, and death. Gathered from the mass of his published works -- including The Screwtape Letters, Mere Christianity, The Four Loves, and God in the Dock -- as well as from letters, essays, and less familiar writings, this compendium contains a cross section of Lewis's finest work."
"9780451166586 After Flagg, the evil court magician, sees a mouse chance upon a grain of dragon sand behind Prince Peter's shelves and die--as did the king--in fire and smoke, he plots to imprison Peter in the Needle and seize control of the kingdom. Reissue."
"9780140503449 The noisy children of three neighboring families have a gay time at Christmas baking cookies, cutting and decorating trees, eating fruitcake and tarts, and opening Christmas gifts."
"9781593074821 While both the Republic and the Separatists have suffered staggering losses during the Clone Wars, nothing could have prepared them for the battle they face on the desert world of Saleucami. Beneath the surface of this Outer Rim planet, the Dark Jedi Sora Bulq has begun cloning an army of Morgukai assassins. Unwilling to leave this grave new threat unchecked, the Jedi and their armies soon find themselves entrenched in a five-month siege. Now, time and resources have run out, and it's up to a crack team of Jedi, led by Quinlan Vos and Aayla Secura, to infiltrate the Separatist base. • Collecting stories from Star Wars: Republic #72-77. • A betrayal will be revealed and the ultimate sacrifice made in this volume of Star Wars: Clone Wars, chronicling events that tie directly into Revenge of the Sith!"
"9780060885373 A year in the life of two young girls growing up on the Wisconsin frontier, as they help their mother with the daily chores, enjoy their father's stories and singing, and share special occasions when they get together with relatives or neighbors."
"9781400075706 Precious Ramotswe is challenged by a strange intruder at her home, the appearance in her yard of a mysterious pumpkin, troubles at her husband's motorworks, and a vistor who forces her to confront a painful secret from her past."
"9781586638498 Presents the original text of Shakespeare's play side by side with a modern version, with marginal notes and explanations and full descriptions of each character."
"9780674991873 The Peloponnesian War was really three conflicts (431 421, 415 413, and 413 404 BCE) that Thucydides was still unifying into one account when he died some time before 396 BCE. Although unfinished and as a whole unrevised, in brilliance of description and depth of insight this history has no superior."
"9780813520186 At the turn of the century, short stories by -- and often about -- ""New Women"" flooded the pages English and American magazines such as the Atlantic Monthly, Harpers, and the Yellow Book. This daring new fiction, often innovative in form and courageous in its candid representations of female sexuality, marital discontent, and feminist protest, shocked Victorian critics, who denounced the authors as ""literary degenerates"" or ""erotomaniacs."" This collection brings together twenty of the most original and important stories from this period. The writers included in this highly readable volume are Kate Chopin, Victoria Cross, George Egerton, Julia Constance Fletcher, Charlotte Perkins Gilman, Sarah Grand, Vernon Lee, Ada Leverson, Charlotte Mew, Olive Schreiner, Edith Wharton, Constance Fenimore Woolson, and Mabel E. Wotton. As Elaine Showalter shows in her introduction, the short fiction of the Fin-de-Siecle is the missing link between the Golden Age of Victorian women writers and the new era of feminist modernism. Elaine Showalter is a professor of English at Princeton University. She is the author of A Literature of Their Own, The Female Malady, and other books, and editor of Alternative Alcott, a volume in the American Women Writers Series"
"9780060504083 In her new essay collection, the beloved author of High Tide in Tucson brings to us, out of one of history's darker moments, an extended love song to the world we still have. Whether she is contemplating the Grand Canyon, her vegetable garden, motherhood, genetic engineering, or the future of a nation founded on the best of all human impulses, these essays are grounded in the author's belief that our largest problems have grown from the earth's remotest corners as well as our own backyards, and that answers may lie in both those places. Sometimes grave, occasionally hilarious, and ultimately persuasive, Small Wonder is a hopeful examination of the people we seem to be, and what we might yet make of ourselves."
"9780312049997 The author writes of her childhood in India; her enduring love for the romance, mystery, and culture of that country; and the creative inspiration she continues to draw from the India of the Raj"
"9780936197449 A survival guide for parents helps beleagured adults navigate their childrens' teen years, with advice on how to turn adolescents into strong, confident, productive adults."
"9780060765453 When Digory and Polly try to return the wicked witch Jadis to her own world, the magic gets mixed up and they all land in Narnia where they witness Aslan blessing the animals with human speech."
"9780752842691 A powerful novel of conflict, history and shadows from the past ... by the bestselling, acclaimed author of THE TIN ROOF BLOWDOWN. 'As I stood there on my front porch that hot, breathless July day, leaning against the column with the six bullet holes, now worn and smooth, I could see Hack's whitewashed marker under the pin oaks in the Holland family cemetery ... Four generations of my family were buried there.' Hack Holland is a product of the South, both old and new. Hard-drinking ex-POW and wealthy, progressive Democrat, he stands in the long shadow cast by his ancestors. When Holland's candidacy for a congressional seat brings him increasingly into conflict with those around him, his almost unwitting involvement with a violent civil rights conflict forces him to reassess his future - and his past... Praise for one of the great American crime writers, James Lee Burke: 'James Lee Burke is the heavyweight champ, a great American novelist whose work, taken individually or as a whole, is unsurpassed.' Michael Connelly 'A gorgeous prose stylist.' Stephen King 'Richly deserves to be described now as one of the finest crime writers America has ever produced.' Daily Mail Fans of Dennis Lehane, Michael Connelly and Don Winslow will love James Lee Burke: Hackberry Holland Series 1. Lay Down My Sword and Shield 2. Rain Gods 3. Feast Day of Fools 4. House of the Rising Sun Dave Robicheaux Series 1. The Neon Rain 2. Heaven's Prisoners 3. Black Cherry Blues 4. A Morning for Flamingos 5. A Stained White Radiance 6. In the Electric Mist with Confederate Dead 7. Dixie City Jam 8. Burning Angel 9. Cadillac Jukebox 10. Sunset Limited 11. Purple Cane Road 12. Jolie Blon's Bounce 13. Last Car to Elysian Fields 14. Crusader's Cross 15. Pegasus Descending 16. The Tin Roof Blowdown 17. Swan Peak 18. The Glass Rainbow 19. Creole Belle 20. Light of the World 21. Robicheaux Billy Bob Holland Series 1. Cimarron Rose 2. Heartwood 3. Bitterroot 4. In The Moon of Red Ponies * Each James Lee Burke novel can be read as a standalone or in series order *"
"9780140286014 A cultural history of walking explores the ancient practice, from ancient Greece to the present, delving into Wordsworth, Gary Snyder, Rousseau, Jane Austen, and other cultural and literary icons to show how this basic activity has been imagined throughout history. 17,500 first printing."
"9780743202411 In the tradition of Jane Goodall and Dian Fossey, Robert Sapolsky, a foremost science writer and recipient of a MacArthur Genius Grant, tells the mesmerizing story of his twenty-one years in remote Kenya with a troop of Savannah baboons. “I had never planned to become a savanna baboon when I grew up; instead, I had always assumed I would become a mountain gorilla,” writes Robert Sapolsky in this witty and riveting chronicle of a scientist’s coming-of-age in remote Africa. An exhilarating account of Sapolsky’s twenty-one-year study of a troop of rambunctious baboons in Kenya, A Primate’s Memoir interweaves serious scientific observations with wry commentary about the challenges and pleasures of living in the wilds of the Serengeti—for man and beast alike. Over two decades, Sapolsky survives culinary atrocities, gunpoint encounters, and a surreal kidnapping, while witnessing the encroachment of the tourist mentality on the farthest vestiges of unspoiled Africa. As he conducts unprecedented physiological research on wild primates, he becomes evermore enamored of his subjects—unique and compelling characters in their own right—and he returns to them summer after summer, until tragedy finally prevents him. By turns hilarious and poignant, A Primate’s Memoir is a magnum opus from one of our foremost science writers."
"9780765344304 A poisoned Richard Rahl faces a difficult choice when he is promised an antidote and the salvation of an endangered empire if he will surrender his beloved wife, Kahlan Amnell, to his enemy, in a new adventure in the Sword of Truth series. Reprint."
"9780618479030 The best-selling books of Andrew Weil, ""the guru of alternative medicine,"" (San Francisco Examiner) offer a comprehensive blend of traditional and alternative methods that help to achieve better health in the modern world. Natural Health, Natural Medicine is a comprehensive resource for everything you need to know to maintain optimum health and treat common ailments. This landmark book incorporates Dr. Weil’s theories of preventive health maintenance and alternative healing into one extremely useful and readable reference, featuring general diet and nutrition information as well as simple recipes, answers to readers’ most pressing questions, a catalogue of home remedies, invaluable resources, and hundreds of practical tips. This edition includes up-to-the-minute scientific findings and has been expanded to provide trustworthy advice about low-carb diets, hormone replacement therapy, Alzheimer’s, attention deficit disorder, reflux disease, autism, type 2 diabetes, erectile dysfunction, the flu, and much more."
"9780142000212 Bridget Jones, the main character in the novel and the film, ""Bridget Jones's Diary,"" shares her own ideas on homemaking, cooking, relationships, weight loss, and other subjects in a parody of a self-help book."
"9781590300107 A new edition documents encounters between the Dalai Lama and prominent western psychologists, physicians, and meditation teachers to offer insight into the mind's ability to heal the body. Original."
"9780099273868 ""Every city, town and village has its memorial to war. Nowhere are these more eloquent than in Australia, generations of whose young men have enlisted to fight other people's battles - from Gallipoli and the Somme to Malaya and Vietnam. In THE GREAT WORLD, his finest novel yet, David Malouf gives a voice to that experience. But THE GREAT WORLD is more than a novel of war. Ranging over seventy years of Australian life, from Sydney's teeming King's Cross to the tranquil backwaters of the Hawkesbury River, it is a remarkable novel of self-knowledge and lost innocence, of survival and witness."""
"9781556523984 This is the book that restarted the James Dean cult by celebrating him as the cool, defiant visionary of pop culture who made adolescence seem heroic instead of awkward and who defined the style of rock 'n' roll's politics of delinquency. The only book to fully show how deliberately and carefully Dean crafted his own image and performances, and the product of still unequalled research, vivid writing, intimate photographs, and profound meditation, James Dean: The Mutant King has become almost as legendary as its subject."
"9780131935075 This new edition is an authoritative and provides a balanced account of the history of art. It presents art history as an essential part of the development of humankind, encompassing the arts of Asia, Africa, Oceania, Europe, and the Americas-spanning from the primitive art of hunters 30,000 years ago to the most controversial art forms of today."
"9780974607894 This vivid, sensitive tale of adolescent love follows a 16-year-old boy who falls in love with a beautiful, older woman and experiences a whirlwind of changing emotions, from exaltation and jealousy to despair and devotion. This beautifully packaged series of classic novellas includes the works of masterful writers. Inexpensive and collectible, they are the first single-volume publications of these classic tales, offering a closer look at this under-appreciated literary form and providing a fresh take on the world's most celebrated authors."
"9781790877799 As the summer of his eighteenth birthday unfolds, Sam Nesbitt finalizes plans to escape his violent abusive father and bleak Jersey Shore town. Although the local police have Sam in their sights for a break-in and theft, he has nimbly avoided arrest, and vows to stay out of trouble. His plans are disrupted when he meets Julie, a pretty, vivacious young woman from the city, who takes an unexpected interest in him. To cement her interest, he tells numerous lies about himself, including his acceptance by an Ivy League college. Sam, who has survived by suppressing his feelings and emotions--playing it cool--obsessively pursues her, setting aside his habitual caution, altering his escape plans, and experiencing his first romantic love and sexual experience, pain and joy in tow."
"9780060733353 In the year 1689, a cabal of Barbary galley slaves -- including one Jack Shaftoe, aka King of the Vagabonds, aka Half-Cocked Jack -- devises a daring plan to win freedom and fortune. A great adventure ensues -- a perilous race for an enormous prize of silver ... nay, gold ... nay, legendary gold. In Europe, the exquisite and resourceful Eliza, Countess de la Zeur, is stripped of her immense personal fortune by France's most dashing privateer. Penniless and at risk from those who desire either her or her head (or both), she is caught up in a web of international intrigue, even as she desperately seeks the return of her most precious possession. Meanwhile, Newton and Leibniz continue to propound their grand theories as their infamous rivalry intensifies, stubborn alchemy does battle with the natural sciences, dastardly plots are set in motion ... and Daniel Waterhouse seeks passage to the Massachusetts colony in hopes of escaping the madness into which his world has descended. This P.S. edition features an extra 16 pages of insights into the book, including author interviews, recommended reading, and more."
"9780886773489 A collection of tales featuring the Phantom of the Opera, from backstage appearances at the Paris Opera to a rock tour arranged from beyond the grave"
"9781860645884 Mary, Queen of Scots, was one of history's most romantically tragic figures. Her endless plotting eventually led her to flee from Scotland and be imprisoned by her equally ambitious cousin and fellow queen--Elizabeth of England--who later ordered Mary to be beheaded in 1587. This book looks at her tragedy. of photos."
"9780064400992 Betsy, Tacy, and Tib can't wait to be ten. After all, getting two numbers in your age is the beginning of growing up—exciting things are bound to happen. And they do! The girls fall in love with the King of Spain, perform in the School Entertainment, and for the first time, go all the way over the Big Hill to Little Syria by themselves. There Betsy, Tacy, and Tib make new friends and learn a thing or two. They learn that new Americans are sometimes the best Americans. And they learn that they themselves wouldn't want to be anything else. Ever since their first publication in the 1940s, the Betsy-Tacy stories have been loved by each generation of young readers."
"9780743244589 WINNER OF THE NOBEL PRIZE IN LITERATURE The celebrated first memoir from arguably the most influential singer-songwriter in the country, Bob Dylan. “I’d come from a long ways off and had started a long ways down. But now destiny was about to manifest itself. I felt like it was looking right at me and nobody else.” So writes Bob Dylan in Chronicles: Volume One, his remarkable book exploring critical junctures in his life and career. Through Dylan’s eyes and open mind, we see Greenwich Village, circa 1961, when he first arrives in Manhattan. Dylan’s New York is a magical city of possibilities—smoky, nightlong parties; literary awakenings; transient loves and unbreakable friendships. Elegiac observations are punctuated by jabs of memories, penetrating and tough. With the book’s side trips to New Orleans, Woodstock, Minnesota, and points west, Chronicles: Volume One is an intimate and intensely personal recollection of extraordinary times. By turns revealing, poetical, passionate, and witty, Chronicles: Volume One is a mesmerizing window on Bob Dylan’s thoughts and influences. Dylan’s voice is distinctively American: generous of spirit, engaged, fanciful, and rhythmic. Utilizing his unparalleled gifts of storytelling and the exquisite expressiveness that are the hallmarks of his music, Bob Dylan turns Chronicles: Volume One into a poignant reflection on life, and the people and places that helped shape the man and the art."
"9780446696517 As a science journalist with a regular column in Scientific American, Jeremy Marsh specializes in debunking the supernatural. A born skeptic, he travels to the small town of Boone Creek, North Carolina, determined to find the real cause behind the ghostly apparitions that appear in the towns cemetery. What he doesnt plan on, however, is falling hopelessly in love with Lexie Darnell, granddaughter of the town psychic. Now, if the young lovers are to have any kind of future at all, Jeremy must make a difficult choice: return to the life he knows, or do something hes never done beforetake a giant leap of faith."
"9781741040913 This jolly good guide has elaborate descriptions of things to see and do on and alongside the River Thames, plus the detailed entertainment section covers music, theater and spectator sports."
"9781740599245 Complemented by easy-to use, reliable maps, helpful recommendations, authoritative background information, and up-to-date coverage of things to see and do, these popular travel guides cover in detail countries, regions, and cities around the world for travelers of every budget, along with extensive itineraries, maps with cross-referencing to the text, ""Top 10"" and ""Top 5"" lists, and other practical features."
"9780743253970 An American classic and great bestseller for over thirty years, A Separate Peace is timeless in its description of adolescence during a period when the entire country was losing its innocence to the second world war. Set at a boys’ boarding school in New England during the early years of World War II, A Separate Peace is a harrowing and luminous parable of the dark side of adolescence. Gene is a lonely, introverted intellectual. Phineas is a handsome, taunting, daredevil athlete. What happens between the two friends one summer, like the war itself, banishes the innocence of these boys and their world. A bestseller for more than thirty years, A Separate Peace is John Knowles’s crowning achievement and an undisputed American classic."
"9781595542328 Their whole life was a series of miracles. Can they really hope for one more? And as tragedy pulls their lives apart, can they somehow find that all-important time to embrace? After twenty-one years, John and Abby Reynolds are back together and feeling like newlyweds. Together they are convinced they can handle the issues of their past, the questions from their children, and even the high-school politics that drain the joy from John's coaching career. But then disaster strikes...the type of tragedy John and Abby never expected. The squeal of brakes and the crunch of metal changes everything. Suddenly devastation tears at the heart of their family, and the depth of their existence. In the process, their children falter in their faith and guilt colors everything about the future. Fumbling for forgiveness and hoping for a miracle, John and Abby must remember what is important and cling to that above all else. Together, they're determined to move on with their lives. but is ""together"" enough for a future they never expected?"
9780140435191 Hardy's two versions of a strange story set in the weird landscape of Portland. The central figure is a man obsessed both with the search for his ideal woman and with sculpting the perfect figure of Aphrodite.
"9780872207806 This new edition offers expanded selections from the works of Kongzi (Confucius), Mengzi (Mencius), Zhuangzi (Chuang Tzu), and Xunzi (Hsun Tzu); two new works, the dialogues 'Robber Zhi' and 'White Horse'; a concise general introduction; brief introductions to, and selective bibliographies for, each work; and four appendices that shed light on important figures, periods, texts, and terms in Chinese thought."
"9780140620122 In a house haunted by memories, the past is everywhere ... As darkness falls, a man caught in a snowstorm is forced to shelter at the strange, grim house Wuthering Heights. It is a place he will never forget. There he will come to learn the story of Cathy: how she was forced to choose between her well-meaning husband and the dangerous man she had loved since she was young. How her choice led to betrayal and terrible revenge - and continues to torment those in the present. How love can transgress authority, convention, even death. And how desire can kill."
"9780375714337 Describes an intimate off-season journey along the Mediterranean that covers the area's history, literature, and heritage, describing the mythologies and succeeding medieval civilizations of ancient Greece and Rome while revealing what the past says about today's world. Reprint. 17,500 first printing."
"9781583224892 Presents a series of interviews conducted during the first month following the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, that discuss reactions to the attacks in the U.S. and abroad, U.S. foreign policy, and the new war on terrorism."
"9780374526962 Virgil's great lyrics, rendered by the acclaimed translator of The Odes of Horace and Gilgamesh The Eclogues of Virgil gave definitive form to the pastoral mode, and these magically beautiful poems, which were influential in so much subsequent literature, perhaps best exemplify what pastoral can do. ""Song replying to song replying to song,"" touchingly comic, poignantly sad, sublimely joyful, the various music that these shepherds make echoes in scenes of repose and harmony, and of hardship and trouble in work and love. A bilingual edition, The Eclogues of Virgil includes concise, informative notes and an Introduction that describes the fundamental role of this deeply original book in the pastoral tradition."
"9780452284555 The author describes the year she spent riding the buses of her Pennsylvania city with her sister, and how taking part in those journeys allowed her to slow down her life and develop stronger interpersonal connections."
"9780571191031 When Michael Hofmann and James Lasdun's ground-breaking anthology After Ovid (also Faber) was published in 1995, Hughes's three contributions to the collective effort were nominated by most critics as outstanding. He had shown that rare translator's gift for providing not just an accurate account of the original, but one so thoroughly imbued with his own qualities that it was as if Latin and English poet were somehow the same person. Tales from Ovid, which went on to win the Whitbread Prize for Poetry, continued the project of recreation with 24 passages, including the stories of Phaeton, Actaeon, Echo and Narcissus, Procne, Midas and Pyramus and Thisbe. In them, Hughes's supreme narrative and poetic skills combine to produce a book that stands, alongside his Crow and Gaudete, as an inspired addition to the myth-making of our time."
"9780671732523 Carlos is taught his last lessons by Don Juan before he and Don Genaro disappear, including the concepts of naugal and tonal, and the ways of the impeccable warrior"
"9781582972947 Craft an Engaging Plot How does plot influence story structure? What's the difference between plotting for commercial and literary fiction? How do you revise a plot or structure that's gone off course? With Write Great Fiction: Plot & Structure, you'll discover the answers to these questions and more. Award-winning author James Scott Bell offers clear, concise information that will help you create a believable and memorable plot, including: Techniques for crafting strong beginnings, middles, and ends Easy-to-understand plotting diagrams and charts Brainstorming techniques for original plot ideas Thought-provoking exercises at the end of each chapter Story structure models and methods for all genres Tips and tools for correcting common plot problems Filled with plot examples from popular novels, comprehensive checklists, and practical hands-on guidance, Write Great Fiction: Plot & Structure gives you the skills you need to approach plot and structure like an experienced pro."
"9780060936648 On October 25, 1946, in a crowded room in Cambridge, England, the great twentieth-century philosophers Ludwig Wittgenstein and Karl Popper came face to face for the first and only time. The meeting -- which lasted ten minutes -- did not go well. Their loud and aggressive confrontation became the stuff of instant legend, but precisely what happened during that brief confrontation remained for decades the subject of intense disagreement. An engaging mix of philosophy, history, biography, and literary detection, Wittgenstein's Poker explores, through the Popper/Wittgenstein confrontation, the history of philosophy in the twentieth century. It evokes the tumult of fin-de-siécle Vienna, Wittgentein's and Popper's birthplace; the tragedy of the Nazi takeover of Austria; and postwar Cambridge University, with its eccentric set of philosophy dons, including Bertrand Russell. At the center of the story stand the two giants of philosophy themselves -- proud, irascible, larger than life -- and spoiling for a fight."
"9780425212592 Xishi, a courtesan trained in the sensual arts, finds herself torn between love and duty when Corum, the Prince of Ice, and a man from her past, becomes her new owner, drawing her into a forbidden world where betrayal, lust, intrigue, and passion could cost them their lives. Original."
"9780674644847 This bold and brilliant book asks the ultimate question of life sciences: How did the human mind acquire its incomparable power? Origins of the Modern Mind traces the evolution of human culture and cognition from primitive apes to the era of artificial intelligence, and presents an original theory of how the human mind evolved from its presymbolic form. Illustrated with line drawings."
"9781567430288 Zora Neale Hurston(1891 -- 1960) Of the various signs that the study of literature in America has been transformed, none is more salient than is the resurrection and canonization of Zora Neale Hurston. Twenty years ago, Hurston's work was largely out-of-print, her literary legacy alive only to a tiny, devoted band of readers who were often forced to photocopy her works if they were to be taught ... Today her works are central to the canon of African-American, American, and Women's literatures ... The author of four novels, Jonah's Gourd Vine (1934), Their Eyes Were Watching God (1937),Moses, Man of the Mountain (1939), and Seraph on the Suwanee (1948); two books of folklore -- Mules and Men (1935) and Tell My Horse (1938); an autobiography, Dust Tracks On a Road (1942); and over 50 short stories, essays, and plays, Hurston was one of the most widely acclaimed Black authors for the two decades between 1925 and 1945. -- from the Preface by Henry Louis Gates, Jr."
"9780060507404 After 15 years of designing more than 1,500 book jackets at Knopf for such authors as Anne Rice and Michael Chrichton, Kidd has crafted an affecting an entertaining novel set at a state university in the late 1950s that is both slap-happily funny and heartbreakingly sad. The Cheese Monkeys is a college novel that takes place over a tightly written two semesters. The book is set in the late 1950s at State U, where the young narrator, has decided to major in art, much to his parents’ dismay. It is an autobiographical, coming-of-age novel which tells universally appealing stories of maturity, finding a calling in life, and being inspired by a loving, demanding, and highly eccentric teacher."
"9780192832436 Even more popular in their day than Don Quixote, Cervantes's Exemplary Stories (1613) surprise, challenge and delight. Ranging from the picaresque to the satirical, Cervantes's Exemplary Stories defy the conventions of heroic chivalric literature through a combination of comic irony, moral ambiguity, realism, and sheer mirth. With acute narrative skill and deft characterisation, drawing on colloquial language and farce, Cervantes creates a tension between the everyday and the literary, the plausible and the improbable. While encouraging us to reach our own moral conclusions, he also persuades us to accept the coincidental and the incredible: two boys indulge their life of crime at a time of public prayer; a young nobleman undergoes a change of identity at the behest of not a princess but a mere gipsy girl, and, most fantastically, talking dogs philosophize in a ward full of syphilitics. By placing the extraordinary within the contexts of the ordinary, the Exemplary Stories chart new novelistic territory and demonstrate Cervantes at his most imaginative and innovative. This new translation captures the full vigour of Cervantes's wit and makes available two rarely printed tales, `The Illustrious Kitchen Maid' and `The Power of Blood'."
"9780821778067 A trio of holiday romances features Jane Green's Vacation, in which surburban housewife Sarah, dissatisfied with her marriage, gets a break from her husband when his job sends him to Chicago indefinitely and learns that the grass isn't always greener on the other side. Original."
"9780742529786 This collection of Chomsky's influential writings on education builds a larger understanding of our educational needs, starting with the changing role of schools today, yet broadening our view toward new models of public education for citizenship."
"9780393057249 Brace yourself, America, for Irvine Welsh's Trainspotting—the novel and the film that became the cult sensations of Britain. Trainspotting is the novel that first launched Irvine Welsh's spectacular career—an authentic, unrelenting, and strangely exhilarating episodic group portrait of blasted lives. It accomplished for its own time and place what Hubert Selby, Jr.'s Last Exit to Brooklyn did for his. Rents, Sick Boy, Mother Superior, Swanney, Spuds, and Seeker are as unforgettable a clutch of junkies, rude boys, and psychos as readers will ever encounter. Trainspotting was made into the 1996 cult film starring Ewan MacGregor and directed by Danny Boyle (A Shallow Grave)."
"9780764586064 The original CliffsNotes study guides offer expert commentary on major themes, plots, characters, literary devices, and historical background. The latest generation of titles in this series also feature glossaries and visual elements that complement the classic, familiar format. In CliffsNotes on A Tale of Two Cities, you experience one of Charles Dickens's most important works as he recounts the horrors of the French Revolution in what amounts to a cautionary tale warning of the possibility of revolution in 18th-century England. From its first line (""It was the best of times, it was the worst of times"") to its last (""It is a far, far better thing that I do, than I have ever done; it is a far, far better rest that I go to than I have ever known""), Dickens's novel of revolution, sacrifice, and redemption continues to captivate modern imaginations. Chapter summaries and commentaries lead you through Dickens's ""Tale,"" and critical essays give you insight into the women of A Tale of Two Cities and the French Revolution. Other features that help you study include Character analyses of the main characters A character map that graphically illustrates the relationships among the characters A section on the life and background of Charles Dickens A review section that tests your knowledge A Resource Center full of books, articles, films, and Internet sites Classic literature or modern modern-day treasure — you'll understand it all with expert information and insight from CliffsNotes study guides."
"9789027712059 Since the three volume edition ofHegel's Philosophy of Subjective Spirit (1978, 19792) has been so well received, I have been encouraged to select that part of it most suitable for teaching purposes, and to publish it here as a separate work. As a teaching text, the Berlin Phenomenology has several important advan­ tages. Unlike so many ofHegel's writings, must notably theJena Phenomeno­ logy of 1807, it is concise and to the point, and concemed with issues already familiar to most students of philosophy. Since it consists for the most part of a searching and radical analysis of Kant's epistemology, Fichte's ethics and Schelling's system-building, it provides tirst-rate insight into Hegel's assessment of his immedi~te predecessors. When considered in context, as part of the Encyclopaedia if the Philosophical Sciences, it enables us to distinguish dearly between the systematic, the logical and the psychological aspects of Hegelianism, and is therefore also relevant to some of the central issues in modem phenomenology. It is to be hoped that the introduction and notes prepared for the present edition will prove helpful to both teachers and students. Every effort has been ma de to produce a thoroughly reliable ba sic text and an accurate translation. The text published in 1978 was prepared at the Hegel Archive in Bochum from photocopies, and I am most grateful to the Central Interfaculty of the Erasmus University, Rotterdam, for having made it possible for me to check the printed version against the original manuscripts."
"9780838526958 This book serves as a comprehensive reference for a variety of research situations. This edition reflects the popular approaches to analysis and design, and addresses the focus of health-care related research through the 1990s and into the 21st century. Expanded or added topics include outcomes research and the disablement model, validity and diagnostic screening, meta-analysis, scales used in survey and outcomes research, logistic regression, measures of reliability, and data management to prepare for computer analysis. For those in the health professions, including physical therapy, occupational therapy, speech therapy, nursing, and exercise physiology."
"9780843953244 A handsome British knight travels to Scotland eager to fulfill a marriage contract, but finds the feisty temper of his stinning bride to be more than he bargained for."
"9780582418172 In 1960s America, four young boys go on a journey to search for the body of a boy killed by a train. As they travel, they discover how cruel the world can be, but also how wondrous."
"9780785118954 Now that the world knows his dark secret, Hyperion suddenly finds himself both alone and hunted. Four new super-powered individuals - each based on a character from the original Squadron Supreme - are after his hide, and they've got the will and means to take him down! Collects Supreme Power: Hyperion #1-5."
"9781574889239 Told from the Japanese perspective, using largely Japanese sources, this volume represents the first substantive contribution to the West's understanding of Midway in more than a generation."
"9781857151336 Poet and pervert, Humbert Humbert becomes obsessed by twelve-year-old Lolita and seeks to possess her, first carnally and then artistically, out of love, 'to fix once for all the perilous magic of nymphets'. Is he in love or insane? A silver-tongued poet or a pervert? A tortured soul or a monster? Or is he all of these? Humbert Humbert's seduction is one of many dimensions in Nabokov's dizzying masterpiece, which is suffused with a savage humour and rich, elaborate verbal textures."
"9780439681360 Ferus Olin, a former Jedi apprentice, journeys through the underworld of the planet Coruscant in order to rescue a Jedi who is imprisoned in the Jedi Temple by the Empire."
"9781862073708 Edward Said was born in Jerusalem, and brought up in Cairo, spending every summer in the Lebanese mountain village of Dhour el Shweir, until he was ""banished"" to America in 1951. This work is a mixture of emotional archaeology and memory, exploring an essentially irrecoverable past. As ill health sets him thinking about endings, Edward Said returns to his beginnings in this personal memoir."
"9780060974367 Private investigator Race Williams is approached by a larger detective agency to help hunt down a criminal gang leader, but he turns down the deal because he prefers to work solo. Somehow word leaks out that he's on the case, and an assassin is put on his tail."
"9780140252620 A one-volume edition of the celebrated trio of novels about the Rabbitte family, from the author of Paddy Clarke Ha Ha Ha and The Guts (Viking, January 2014) ? which features the return of Jimmy Rabbitte, founder of the Commitments."
"9781400049479 Describes the remarkable and challenging efforts of ambitious entrepreneur Henry Flagler to construct a railway that would connect Key West to the mainland, following the design and engineering of the project, the thousands of workers who brought Flagler's vision to life, and the 1935 hurricane that destroyed the railway. Reprint. 75,000 first printing."
"9781423100201 Jack and company are hot on the trail of the notorious pirate Left Foot Louis, who they believe is currently in possession of the Sword of Cort‚s, but the newly appointed first mate Arabella has a personal score to settle with Louis that could jeopardize the entire mission. Original."
"9780670820559 The former assistant director of MI5 offers an account of British Intelligence, including his work on the Ring of Five and exposing Soviet espionage and the conspiracy to oust Harold Wilson from the office of Prime Minister in the 1970s"
"9781416535522 Embarking on a Mystery Seminar luxury cruise during the holiday season, amateur sleuth Alvirah, private detective Regan, and their family members find their voyage overshadowed by reports of a ghost spotting, the disappearance of a fan, and an unexpected storm. 550,000 first printing."
"9780471738848 Fundamental data structures in a consistent object-oriented framework Now revised to reflect the innovations of Java 5.0, Goodrich and Tamassia's Fourth Edition of Data Structures and Algorithms in Java continues to offer accessible coverage of fundamental data structures, using a consistent object-oriented framework. The authors provide intuition, description, and analysis of fundamental data structures and algorithms. Numerous illustrations, web-based animations, and simplified mathematical analyses justify important analytical concepts. Key Features of the Fourth Edition: * Updates to Java 5.0 include new sections on generics and other Java 5.0 features, and revised code fragments, examples, and case studies to conform to Java 5.0. * Hundreds of exercises, including many that are new to this edition, promote creativity and help readers learn how to think like programmers and reinforce important concepts. * New case studies illustrate topics such as web browsers, board games, and encryption. * A new early chapter covers Arrays, Linked Lists, and Recursion. * A new final chapter on Memory covers memory management and external memory data structures and algorithms. * Java code examples are used extensively, with source code provided on the website. * Online animations and effective in-text art illustrate data structures and algorithms in a clear, visual manner. Access additional resources on the web www.wiley.com/college/goodrich): * Java source code for all examples in the book * Animations * Library (net.datastructures) of Java constructs used in the book * Problems database and search engine * Student hints to all exercises in the book * Instructor resources, including solutions to selected exercises * Lecture slides"
"9780375826887 Timber! It’s off with the tuxedo and on with a red jacket when Adam Sharp goes undercover as a Mountie in Canada’s north woods. Ecanem, a mysterious logging company, is hogging Canada’s lumber business, so the Mounties call on superspy Adam Sharp to get to the bottom of things. Will this wanabee Mountie get his man—or, in this case, will he only get a moose?"
"9781844164035 Graham McNeill narrowly escaped a career in surveying to work for Games Workshop as a games designer. He has a strong following with his novels Nightbringer, Warriors of Ultramar, Dead Sky, Black Sun and Storm of Iron."
"9780679756767 Magic, sexual tension, high comedy, and intense drama move through an enchanted yet harsh autobiography, in the story of a young girl who leaves rural Puerto Rico for New York's tenements and a chance for success. Reprint. 35,000 first printing."
"9780373250219 Twenty-six-year-old Casey Evers, who has her life perfectly mapped out, joins her two best friends on an illuminating trip to Rome and Greece, where she unexpectedly embarks on a journey of self-discovery that causes her to question her life and her long-term relationship with her boyfriend John. Original."
"9780764586712 The original CliffsNotes study guides offer expert commentary on major themes, plots, characters, literary devices, and historical background. The latest generation of titles in this series also features glossaries and visual elements that complement the classic, familiar format. In CliffsNotes on All Quiet on the Western Front, Erich Maria Remarque takes you inside the gruesome realities of World War I through the eyes of Paul Baumer, a sensitive teenager and typical infantryman in the German army. This study guide will help you begin to consider how Remarque's views on war might relate to modern-day conflicts. You'll also gain insight into the life and cultural background of the author. Other features that help you study include Character analyses of major players A character map that graphically illustrates the relationships among the characters Critical essays A review section that tests your knowledge A Resource Center full of books, articles, films, and Internet sites Classic literature or modern modern-day treasure — you'll understand it all with expert information and insight from CliffsNotes study guides."
"9780812574739 Many malevolent menaces have imperiled the magical land of Xanth in its long and storied history. But none has been as despicably dangerous as the Dastard-a craven miscreant who sold his soul to a detestable demon for the power to erase events. Now the entire future of Xanth is at the mercy of his every whim. Only a young dragon-girl named Becka has the power to stop his devious deeds! Becka is a crossbreed-the daughter of Draco Dragon and a lovely human woman who met, by chance, at a Love Spring. Now fourteen, Becka is beginning to wonder where in Xanth she belongs-on the ground with her mother's people, or flying the skies with her father's kind. So she journeys to the Good Magician Humfrey to discover her True Purpose in life. Much to her astonishment and surprise, the Magician tells her that that a great Destiny awaits her-one that will affect the future of all of Xanth."
"9780765342539 Sent to the planet Dosadi to investigate the vicious, fearsome human and Gowachin societies there, prior to their destruction, Jorj X. McKie is captured by a ruthless woman whose plan to escape Dosadi involves her changing bodies with McKie. Reprint."
"9780872200470 'The publication of these excellent translations is a happy occasion for teachers of courses in political philosophy and the history of political theory...' - Raymon M Lemos, ""Teaching Philosophy""."
"9780142000205 After years of living in a children's asylum for having spontaneous jerks and spasms, Icy returns home and is quickly befriended by Miss Emily, who cares for her and teaches her the ways of life, transforming Icy into a new person and forever changing her view of the world."
"9780465016907 Why are many of the most successful people plagued by feelings of emptiness and alienation? This wise and profound book has provided thousands of readers with an answer—and has helped them to apply it to their own lives.Far too many of us had to learn as children to hide our own feelings, needs, and memories skillfully in order to meet our parents’ expectations and win their ”love.” Alice Miller writes, ”When I used the word ’gifted’ in the title, I had in mind neither children who receive high grades in school nor children talented in a special way. I simply meant all of us who have survived an abusive childhood thanks to an ability to adapt even to unspeakable cruelty by becoming numb… Without this ’gift’ offered us by nature, we would not have survived.” But merely surviving is not enough. The Drama of the Gifted Child helps us to reclaim our life by discovering our own crucial needs and our own truth."
"9780886774264 Vanyel, the powerful Herald-Mage, stands alone in the battle against the evil forces threatening the once-peaceful kingdom of Valdemar, accompanied only by his companion, Yfandes"
"9780618586455 A selection of the finest spiritual writing of the year offers essays and articles on faith, spirituality, and their influence on politics, creativity, literature, and other fields, reflecting Christian, Muslim, Jewish, Buddhist, and other diverse perspectives."
"9780143039655 Introducing this collection of stories, R. K. Narayan describes how in India 'the writer has only to look out of the window to pick up a character and thereby a story'. Malgudi Days is the marvellous result. Here Narayan portrays an astrologer, a snake-charmer, a postman, a vendor of pies and chappatis - all kinds of people, drawn in full colour and endearing domestic detail. And under his magician's touch the whole imaginary city of Malgudi springs to life, revealing the essence of India and of human experience."
"9780446608893 When lobbyist Faith Lockhart stumbles upon a corruption scheme at the highest levels of government, she becomes a dangerous witness who the most powerful men in the world will go to any lengths to silence in this #1 New York Times bestselling thriller. In a secluded house not far from Washington, D.C., the FBI is interviewing one of the most important witnesses it has ever had: a young woman named Faith Lockhart. For Faith has done too much, knows too much, and will tell too much. Feared by some of the most powerful men in the world, Faith has been targeted to die. But when a private investigator walks into the middle of the assassination attempt, the shooting suddenly goes wrong, and an FBI agent is killed. Now Faith Lockhart must flee for her life--with her story, her deadly secret, and an unknown man she's forced to trust..."
9781400096220 A bilingual edition of the Old English epic poem features the Old English and modern translation of facing pages and chronicles the exploits of the great hero Beowulf in his battles with supernatural monsters. Reprint.
"9780440418412 The first book in the hilarious trilogy featuring the feuding Hatford and Malloy families. When a new family--with three daughters--moves into the neighborhood, the Hatford brothers decide to make Caroline and her sisters so miserable that they'll want to go back to Ohio."
"9780393703351 Employing a multifaceted, flexible approach based on solution-focused therapy, the author offers clear and sensible ideas for working with the difficult and disturbing problem of adolescent self-harm."
"9780007191925 The definitive guide to the design of the movie, incorporating the best artwork from the trilogy plus many never-before-published paintings, sketches, digital shots and photos.With complete access to artwork created over a five-year period, this authoritative and insightful book illustrates the creative development of the entire Lord of the Rings movie trilogy.This official book contains over 400 exclusive images; the very best artworks from the first three Art books are collected together, many much larger than they have been seen before, with all-new text and information and new interviews with many of the artists. In addition, the book includes 100 unpublished artworks from the extended Director's cuts of the three films, and digital imagery and designs not available when the first books were published.Printed on high-quality art paper, this lavish book is ideal for Tolkien collectors, film enthusiasts and art students and finally allows the massive undertaking of making The Lord of the Rings trilogy to be fully appreciated."
"9780520251090 An anthology of nearly forty essays, representing the author's work over the past ten years, offers an insightful overview of American politics, current affairs, culture, society, and history, written from the perspective of a noted environmentalist, anti-globalization activist, and public intellectual. By the author of A Field Guide to Getting Lost."
"9780373832712 Business takes a back seat to romance when accountant Richard Parker encounters Emily Tate, an advertising executive running a new ad campaign for a sensual new perfume called Sizzle. Original."
"9780743491693 After watching his friend preserve the timeline at the cost of his own happiness, Spock returns to the present where he is forced to confront a similar crisis and chooses instead to willfully alter the past, only to find himself struggling to deal with his unwanted emotions. Original."
"9780736903707 Bestselling author Kay Arthur tells the dramatic story of the nation of Israel, painting a living panorama that will forever change the way we view God's people. This new paperback edition features a new cover and a historical timeline."
"9780060012380 A nightmarish danger threatens from the other side of reality . . . Armed with only a frying pan and her common sense, young witch-to-be Tiffany Aching must defend her home against the monsters of Fairyland. Luckily she has some very unusual help: the local Nac Mac Feegle—aka the Wee Free Men—a clan of fierce, sheep-stealing, sword-wielding, six-inch-high blue men. Together they must face headless horsemen, ferocious grimhounds, terrifying dreams come true, and ultimately the sinister Queen of the Elves herself. . . . A Story of Discworld"
"9781581346084 Fifty Reasons Why Jesus Came to Die The most important questions anyone can ask are: Why was Jesus Christ crucified? Why did he suffer so much? What has this to do with me? Finally, who sent him to his death? The answer to the last question is that God did. Jesus was God's Son. The suffering was unsurpassed, but the whole message of the Bible leads to this answer. Why did Christ suffer and die? The central issue of Jesus' death is not the cause, but the meaning-God's meaning. That is what this book is about. John Piper has gathered from the New Testament fifty reasons. Not fifty causes, but fifty purposes-in answer to the most important question that each of us must face: What did God achieve for sinners like us in sending his Son to die?"
9780842387446 Famed Hollywood actor Dayne Matthews struggles to deal with the shocking discoveries he has made about his past and to find the strength to forgive.
9780452265813 A white woman and a black woman in upstate New York during the 1950s are strangely and fatefully linked when one witnesses a murderous street fight in which the other is involved
"9780679847595 In a classic children's story, three unsinkable orphans, believing that they are destined for greatness, set out to make their marks in the world of show business. Reprint."
9780415183734 The book should be of interest to all students who seek to complement their knowledge of analytic philosophy and further their understanding of European thought.
"9780099448570 Growing up in the suburbs in post-war Japan, it seemed to Hajime that everyone but him had brothers and sisters. His sole companion was Shimamoto, also an only child. Together they spent long afternoons listening to her father's record collection. But when his family moved away, the two lost touch. Now Hajime is in his thirties. After a decade of drifting he has found happiness with his loving wife and two daughters, and success running a jazz bar. Then Shimamoto reappears. She is beautiful, intense, enveloped in mystery. Hajime is catapulted into the past, putting at risk all he has in the present."
9780743470797 The greatest Americans Have not been born yet They are waiting quietly For their past to die please give blood Here is the account of a man so ravished by a kiss that it distorts his highest and lowest frequencies of understanding into an Incongruent mean of babble and brilliance...
"9780811213769 Federico Garcia Lorca was born in Spain in 1898 and executed in 1936, during the Spanish Civil War. The notion of ""duende""--a demonic earth spirit--became a fixation of Lorca's poetics over the course of his career. This book gathers Lorca's writings about the duende, and a full bilingual sampling of his poetry also is included, with special attention to poems arising from traditional Spanish verse forms."
"9780465069347 Long regarded as the most accurate rendering of Plato's Republic that has yet been published, this widely acclaimed work is the first strictly literal translation of a timeless classic. This second edition includes a new introduction by Professor Bloom, whose careful translation and interpretation of The Republic was first published in 1968. In addition to the corrected text itself there is also a rich and valuable essay—as well as indexes—which will better enable the reader to approach the heart of Plato's intention."
"9780310259664 Life is a journey, and like any journey, it requires an accurate, reliable roadmap to get us where we need to go. God has provided such a guide in his Word. But just as a navigator needs to learn how to interpret all the contours and symbols of a map, so also we need to be able to understand how the Bible communicates its directions to us. Journey Into God's Word helps Bible readers acquire these skills and become better at reading, interpreting, and applying the Bible to life. This abridgment of the bestselling college/seminary textbook Grasping God's Word takes the proven principles from that book and makes them accessible to people in the church. It starts with general principles of interpretation, then moves on to apply those principles to specific genres and contexts. Hands-on exercises guide readers through the interpretation process, with an emphasis on real-life application."
"9780688143923 For generations, children have loved the enchanting story of the twelve beautiful princesses and the handsome young lad who solves the mystery of their tattered shoes. Now Marianna Mayer brings to life all the splendor and romance of this beloved classic, from the dazzling forests Of silver, gold, and diamonds to a twilight palace where the bewitched princesses dance to hypnotic music. And award-winning artist Kinuko Craft add, her own magic: a visual feast of exquisite, jewel-like paintings that sweep across the pages. Together, Mayer and Craft have created an unforgettable world that readers of all ages will want to return to again and again."
"9780312643065 The works of James Baldwin constitute one of the major contributions to American literature in the twentieth century, and nowhere is this more evident than in The Price of the Ticket, a compendium of nearly fifty years of Baldwin's powerful nonfiction writing. With truth and insight, these personal, prophetic works speak to the heart of the experience of race and identity in the United States. Here are the full texts of Notes of a Native Son, Nobody Knows My Name, The Fire Next Time, No Name in the Street, and The Devil Finds Work, along with dozens of other pieces, ranging from a 1948 review of Raintree Country to a magnificent introduction to this book that, as so many of Mr. Baldwin's works do, combines his intensely private experience with the deepest examination of social interaction between the races. In a way, The Price of the Ticket is an intellectual history of the twentieth-century American experience; in another, it is autobiography of the highest order."
"9780517091265 Combines three masterpieces from one of Britain's most popular novelists into one beautifully bound volume, which contains A Room With a View, Howard's End, and Where Angels Fear to Tread."
"9780786818723 Violet, a very curious young mouse, invites babies and toddlers into her home to explore, room by room, her favorite things. Delightfully written rhythmic verse and engaging illustrations lead children to discover the feel of objects that surround them in their everyday world. From touching Violet's fluffy poodle to joining her as she puts sticky toothpaste on her brush, children will want to visit Violet's House time and time again."
"9780679783480 In 1991, Ambassador Maximilian Ophuls--ex-ambassador to India, and America's counterterrorism chief--is murdered on the Los Angeles doorstep of his illegitimate daughter's home by his Kashmiri Muslim driver, who calls himself Shalimar the Clown."
"9780395547038 Richard Brautigan was the author of ten novels, including a contemporary classic, Trout Fishing in America, nine volumes of poetry, and a collection of stories.Here are three Brautigan novels--A Confederate General from B ig Sir, Dreaming of Babylon and The Hawkline Monster--reissues in a one-volume omnibus edition."
"9780140277821 What is a difficult conversation? Asking for a pay rise, saying 'no' to your boss or spouse, confronting a friend or neighbour, asking a difficult favour, apologizing. We all have conversations that we dread and find unpleasant. But can we develop the skills to make such situations less stressful and more productive? Based on fifteen years of research and consultations with thousands of people, DIFFICULT CONVERSATIONS pinpoints what works. Use this ground-breaking, step-by-step book to turnyour difficult conversations into positive, problem-solving experiences."
"9780813515243 ""The French Revolution,"" writes Hobsbawm, ""gave peoples the sense that history could be changed by their action ... [and] demonstrated the power of the common people in a manner which no subsequent government has ever allowed itself to forget."" We can learn a great deal from studying the French Revolution itself, but we can also learn from studying the ways in which scholars have interpreted the French Revolution, and from the ways their views have changed. For over a century following the Revolution, commentators and scholars spoke of it in glowing terms. But in the past three decades, revisionist historians have become skeptical. Eric Hobsbawm reiterates the centrality of the Revolution for history on a global basis. He argues that those who wrote about the Revolution in the nineteenth century were convinced it had changed their lives dramatically, improving the economy and the lot of peasants. They saw the Revolution as a prototype of of the bourgeois revolution, enabling the middle class to gain power from the ruling class of aristocrats. Many believed proletarian revolutions would inevitably follow. In the years between 1917 and the 1960s, Marxists continued to use the French Revolution as a point of reference, paying increasing attention to the social and economic factors in the Revolution, not only to the political factors. In the 1970s and 1980s, many historians began to argue that the Revolution achieved modest results at disproportionate costs. Hobsbawm argues that this massive historiographical reaction against the centrality of the Revolution reflects the personal politics of those contemporary historians for whom Marxism and communism are now out of favor. They are, he maintains, wrong. The Revolution transformed the world permanently and introduced forces that continue to transform it."
"9781857231106 An ancient evil threatens the Elves and the Races of Man. The Ellcrys, the tree of long-lost Elven magic, is dying, unravelling the spell of Forbidding that locks the hordes of Demons away from the world. Already the fearsome Reaper is free. Only by quickening a new seed in the mysterious Bloodfire can the Ellcrys be reborn and the Forbidding made whole. Amberle, a young Elven girl, is chosen to undertake the quest for the Bloodfire. The way is perilous, though. Other demons besides the Reaper stalk the land. Amberle will need a protector if she is to prevail, and Wil Ohmsford, heir to the elven magics of Shannara, is chosen to accompany her. Amberle's quest and the fate of the Four Lands will rest on Wil's ability to unlock the magic of the mysterious Elfstones of Shannara. THE ELFSTONES OF SHANNARA is the second volume of the classic series that has become one of the best loved fantasy tales of all time."
"9780553763256 The true story only Joseph Wambaugh could tell. A band of California cops set loose in no-man's-land to come home heroes. Or come home dead. Not since Joseph Wambaugh's bestselling The Onion Field has there been a true police story as fascinating, as totally gripping as Lines and Shadows. The media hailed them as heroes. Others denounced them as lawless renegades. A squad of tough cops called the Border Crime Task Force. A commando team sent to patrol the snake-infested no-man's-land south of San Diego. Not to apprehend the thousands of illegal aliens slipping into the U.S., but to stop the ruthless bandits who preyed on them nightly--relentlessly robbing, raping, and murdering defenseless men, women, and children. The task force plan was simple. They would disguise themselves as illegal aliens. They would confront the murderous shadows of the night. Yet each time they walked into the violent blackness along the border, they came closer to another boundary line--a fragile line within each man. And crossing it meant destroying their sanity and their lives. Praise for Lines and Shadows ""With each book, it seems, Mr. Wambaugh's skill as a writer increases. . . . In Lines and Shadows he gives an off-trail, action-packed true account of police work and the intimate lives of policemen that, for my money, is his best book yet.""--The New York Times Book Review ""A saga of courage, craziness, brutality and humor. . . . One of his best books, comparable to The Onion Field for storytelling and revelatory power.""--Chicago Sun-Times"
"9781401202453 John Constantine, a razor-tongued, chain-smoking, trench-coat-wearing mystic with a penchant for being in the wrong place at the right time, has become one of the most recognizable and enduring characters in modern comics. Featuring bone-chilling tales of horror, magic, loss and regret, JOHN CONSTANTINE, HELLBLAZER: SETTING SUN follows John Constantine as he faces the London underworld."
"9781597221283 The newly crowned queen of the undead, fashion-savvy Betsy Taylor continues her reluctant reign while trying to uncover the truth about some troublesome family secrets."
"9780375812934 Discusses dinosaur research and what can be learned from it, providing information about the age of the dinosaurs, what plant life was like, different dinosaurs, non-dinosaur animals, and what the Earth looked during their time."
"9781594481772 Traces the unlikely friendship of a wealthy Afghan youth and a servant's son, in a tale that spans the final days of Afghanistan's monarchy through the atrocities of the present day."
"9780785115311 Cyclops and Emma Frost want to reunite the X-Men in order to astonish the world, but as the demand for a ""mutant cure"" escalates, they find some unexpected allies and adversaries."
"9780143039495 The first translation of the Japanese masterpiece in a generation introduces modern readers to this brilliant account of courtly life in medieval Japan, in an edition that also features line drawings, notes, glossaries, maps, character lists, and chronologies. Reprint."
"9781416914631 A teen plunges into a downward spiral of addiction in this classic cautionary tale. January 24th After you've had it, there isn't even life without drugs.... It started when she was served a soft drink laced with LSD in a dangerous party game. Within months, she was hooked, trapped in a downward spiral that took her from her comfortable home and loving family to the mean streets of an unforgiving city. It was a journey that would rob her of her innocence, her youth -- and ultimately her life. Read her diary. Enter her world. You will never forget her. For thirty-five years, the acclaimed, bestselling first-person account of a teenage girl's harrowing decent into the nightmarish world of drugs has left an indelible mark on generations of teen readers. As powerful -- and as timely -- today as ever, Go Ask Alice remains the definitive book on the horrors of addiction."
"9780226204192 Set in 1930s Calcutta, this is a roman á clef of remarkable intimacy. Originally published in Romanian in 1933, this semiautobiographical novel by the world renowned scholar Mircea Eliade details the passionate awakenings of Alain, an ambitious young French engineer flush with colonial pride and prejudice and full of a European fascination with the mysterious subcontinent. Offered the hospitality of a senior Indian colleague, Alain grasps at the chance to discover the authentic India firsthand. He soon finds himself enchanted by his host's daughter, the lovely and inscrutable Maitreyi, a precocious young poet and former student of Tagore. What follows is a charming, tentative flirtation that soon, against all the proprieties and precepts of Indian society, blossoms into a love affair both impossible and ultimately tragic. This erotic passion plays itself out in Alain's thoughts long after its bitter conclusion. In hindsight he sets down the story, quoting from the diaries of his disordered days, and trying to make sense of the sad affair. A vibrantly poetic love story, Bengal Nights is also a cruel account of the wreckage left in the wake of a young man's self discovery. At once horrifying and deeply moving, Eliade's story repeats the patterns of European engagement with India even as it exposes and condemns them. Invaluable for the insight it offers into Eliade's life and thought, it is a work of great intellectual and emotional power. ""Bengal Nights is forceful and harshly poignant, written with a great love of India informed by clear-eyed understanding. But do not open it if you prefer to remain unmoved by your reading matter. It is enough to make stones weep."" — Literary Review Mircea Eliade (1907-1986) was the Sewell L. Avery Distinguished Service Professor in the Divinity School and the Committee on Social Thought at the University of Chicago. Many of his scholarly works, as well as his two-volume autobiography and four-volume journal, are published by the University of Chicago Press. Translated into French in 1950, Bengal Nights was an immediate critical success. The film, Les Nuits Bengali, appeared in 1987."
"9781576839508 When Ramona learns that her best friend since grade school is a lesbian, she struggles to decide how to respond, knowing that people of her community, and even her church, have trouble discussing homosexuality civilly."
"9780061093982 A shattering childhood tragedy left Quentin Fears devastated and unable to cope with the world and its citizens. It didn't, however, prevent him from making millions through brilliant investments. And now the enigmatic recluse has experienced the extraordinarily unexpected: love at first sight. But a whirlwind courtship and marriage to Madeleine -- beautiful, witty, and equally ill-at-ease with reality -- is bringing Quentin something other than the bliss he anticipated, for now he must meet his new wife's family. A bizarre, dysfunctional collection of extreme characters, they are guarding a secret both shocking and terrifying -- as is Madeleine herself. And suddenly Quentin Fears must prevent his dream woman from unleashing an ageless malevolence intent on ruling the world."
9780310252191 Tested strategies for pastors and churches that want to be somewhere else in the postmodern world and need reliable and practical help to get there. Now revised and expanded. Formerly titled Reinventing Your Church.
"9781402718618 Presents the Easyway method for quitting smoking, based on a factual understanding of the harm of cigarette addiction and practical advice on how to successfully break the habit."
"9780671631987 With more than half a million copies in print, Teach Your Child to Read in 100 Easy Lessons is the definitive guide to giving your child the reading skills needed now for a better chance at tomorrow, while bringing you and your child closer together. Is your child halfway through first grade and still unable to read? Is your preschooler bored with coloring and ready for reading? Do you want to help your child read, but are afraid you’ll do something wrong? Teach Your Child to Read in 100 Easy Lessons is a complete, step-by-step program that shows patents simply and clearly how to teach their children to read. Twenty minutes a day is all you need, and within 100 teaching days your child will be reading on a solid second-grade reading level. It’s a sensible, easy-to-follow, and enjoyable way to help your child gain the essential skills of reading. Everything you need is here—no paste, no scissors, no flash cards, no complicated directions—just you and your child learning together. One hundred lessons, fully illustrated and color-coded for clarity, give your child the basic and more advanced skills needed to become a good reader."
"9780807062135 A collection of poems by two great twentieth-century poets, both in the original Spanish and in powerful English translations by Robert Bly. ""The two finest Spanish poets of this centurytwo of the greatest in any countrytheir verses fashioned into English by a third brilliant poet; could one who loves poetry ask for more?""Long Beach INDEPENDENT."
"9781853260735 With an Introduction and Notes by R.T.Jones, Honorary Fellow of the University of York. The novel follows the life of its eponymous heroine, Moll Flanders, through its many vicissitudes, which include her early seduction, careers in crime and prostitution, conviction for theft and transportation to the plantations of Virginia, and her ultimate redemption and prosperity in the New World. 'Moll Flanders' was one of the first social novels to be published in English and draws heavily on Defoe's experience of the topography and social conditions prevailing in the London of the late 17th century. AUTHOR: Born Daniel Foe in London in 1660, Defoe was a prodigious writer on many subjects, producing over 500 books, pamphlets and articles. He is now remembered for his novels, primarily 'The Life and Strange Suprizing Adventures of Robinson Crusoe, of York' and 'The Fortunes and Misfortunes of the Famous Moll Flanders' and is considered to be one of the key figures in establishing the format of the English novel."
"9780380789023 In the deft hands of Neil Gaiman, magic is no mere illusion ... and anything is possible. In this, Gaiman's first book of short stories, his imagination and supreme artistry transform a mundane world into a place of terrible wonders -- a place where an old woman can purchase the Holy Grail at a thrift store, where assassins advertise their services in the Yellow Pages under ""Pest Control,"" and where a frightened young boy must barter for his life with a mean-spirited troll living beneath a bridge by the railroad tracks. Explore a new reality -- obscured by smoke and darkness, yet brilliantly tangible -- in this extraordinary collection of short works by a master prestidigitator. It will dazzle your senses, touch your heart, and haunt your dreams."
9781400077809 Young Albert Einstein's dreams are imagined in a book that joins science and art to ponder such questions as the viscosity and flexibility of time. Reissue.
"9780345477385 Luke Skywalker is learning about the Force while Han Solo struggles with the decision to join the Rebel Alliance, Leia helps run the rebellion while dealing with her feelings for Han, and Mara Jade is doing the Emperor's dirty work."
9780805060164 Argues that a policy of mass incarceration is ineffective and that prison expenditures could have greater impact on criminal violence if spent on prevention and rehabilitation programs
"9780812522839 Saberhagen has brought together some of the best fantasy writers in the field to create their own stories within the universe of his Lost Swords series. This book features works by Walter Jon Williams, Sage Walker, and a new tale by the master himself--Fred Saberhagen's ""Blind Man's Blade""--reveals how the Swords were originally thrust into the human realm."
"9780340850626 Barney's new next-door neighbours are unlike anyone he's ever met - utterly charming, slightly odd, and completely obsessed with a board game. When they invite Barney to join them in a game of Interstellar Pig, he's delighted, until things start to get a little strange."
"9780679735250 A documentation of the day-to-day realities of the war in Vietnam experienced by men on patrol, under siege at Khe Sanh, strapped into helicopters, and faced with continuing nightmares after their return to the United States"
"9780060976095 Hailed by the New York Times as ""wildly ambitious"" and ""the sort of book that a young Herman Melville might have written had he lived today and studied such disparate works as the Bible, 'The Wasteland,' Fahrenheit 451, and Dog Soldiers, screened Star Wars and Apocalypse Now several times, dropped a lot of acid and listened to hours of Jimi Hendrix and the Rolling Stones,"" Fiskadoro is a stunning novel of an all-too-possible tomorrow. Deeply moving and provacative, Fiskadoro brilliantly presents the sweeping and heartbreaking tale of the survivors of a devastating nuclear war and their attempts to breaking tale of the survivors of a devastating nuclear war and their attempts to salvage remnants of the old world and rebuild their culture."
"9780553053401 ""Eager to bring to his original text the new knowledge revealed by these observations, as well as his own recent research, Professor Hawking has prepared a new introduction to the book, written an entirely new chapter on wormholes and time travel, and updated the chapters throughout.""--BOOK JACKET."
"9780671014919 A dashing ex-president and his young congresswoman bride become an irresistible sleuthing duo in four acclaimed stories from the #1 New York Times bestselling Queen of Suspense. Henry Parker Britland IV—wealthy, worldly, and popular—is enjoying an early retirement. His new wife, Sunday—as clever as she is lovely—has just been elected to Congress in a stunning upset victory that has made her a media darling. Henry and Sunday make a formidable team...and never more so than when they set out to solve baffling high-society crimes. From a long-unsolved case they reconstruct aboard the presidential yacht to a kidnapping that brings Henry frantically back to the White House, the former president and his bride engage in some of the most audacious and original sleuthing ever imagined. Only Mary Higgins Clark can so seamlessly meld spellbinding suspense, wit, and romance. My Gal Sunday is entertainment of the highest order."
"9780439798730 Briar Rose lands the role of Princess Perfecta in the school play and Nettle, who plays opposite Rose, seems almost too perfect as the evil fairy."
"9780312423674 A profile of the author of Survival in Auschwitz and The Periodic Table examines his daily experiences as a paint factory manager who tended an invalid mother and lived in the same house his entire life, discussing the impact of such factors as Mussolini's regime, his difficult reintegration into postwar Italy, and his struggles with depression and insomnia. Reprint. 10,000 first printing."
"9781598166743 In a post-apocalyptic world of constant war between humans and vampires, many desire a peaceful co-existence between the two species, but standing between them is a group of vampire extremists who manipulate the two sides and pit them against each other."
"9780385732567 Lame and suddenly orphaned, Kira is mysteriously removed from her squalid village to live in the palatial Council Edifice, where she is expected to use her gifts as a weaver to do the bidding of the all-powerful Guardians."
"9780300000306 A splendid presentation of Pope’s poems, excluding only his translations of Homer, this is the only one-volume edition that can lay claim to completeness and accuracy of text. It presents the corpus of Pope’s poetry as printed in the highly praised Twickenham Edition, except for the 1712 version of The Rape of the Lock and other early versions of phrases preserved in the critical apparatus of the six-volume work. Pope’s own notes to his poems are included, as well as a generous selection of the copious annotation in the Twickenham text. This reduced version of the unsurpassed standard edition of Pope will be of great value to all students and teachers of English literature. John Butt, Regius Professor of Rhetoric and English Literature at Edinburgh University, is general editor of the Twickenham Edition. ""The publishers are surely right in claiming that 'this should for long remain the standard one-volume edition of Pope's poems.' The Twichenham edition . . . has been a splendid achievement, and Professor Butt's distillation of the long labours of his fellow-editors is most commendable.""—Times Literary Supplement."
"9780435233396 From the novels by Philip Pullman, this brilliant adaptation by Nicholas Wright of His Dark Materials is sure to be a runaway success with your students - such is the popularity of the original trilogy which has earned wide literary acclaim. Consists of the two critically acclaimed plays performed at the National Theatre both printed in one volume - thus offering exceptional value for money. Invaluable teacher's notes and student drama activities written by Ruth Moore and Paul Bunyan, recognised experts in the area of Drama in English. Philip Pullman worked closely with playwright Nicolas Wright to create the text, and both writers have contributed introductions to our edition. The exciting, highly imaginative storyline, which captivates boys and girls alike, offers a wide range of textual and dramatic investigations. Parts for all the class, and ideal for smaller groups, with potential for interchangeable male/female roles."
"9780805072839 Examines our media-dominated world through the vast array of manufactured images and sounds that define our civilization, from video games to elevator music, action movies to reality shows, and punditry to Internet exhibitionists."
"9780553493979 The twins graduate-and say goodbye to SVH for good. Elizabeth can't believe she's finally turning 18 and graduating high school. She's been waiting for this moment her entire life. She can't wait to say good-bye to the past and start a new life. And the best part of it all-she gets to do it with her twin sister. But for Jessica, the only thing worse than turning 18 is turning 18 and graduating the same week. What if she's not ready for her entire life to change? And what if it means losing her sister?"
"9781857988093 Robert Neville is the last living man on earth ... but he is not alone. Every other man, woman and child on the planet has become a vampire, and they are all hungry for Neville¿s blood. By day he is the hunter, stalking the sleeping undead through the abandoned ruins of civilization. By night, he barricades himself in his home and prays for the dawn. How long can one man survive like this?"
"9780756403584 With the fate of humanity hanging in the balance, twins Barrick and Briony must save Southmarch Castle and the surrounding lands from their inhuman enemies."
"9780521437776 After identifying its anthropological origins in ancient rituals performed by a shaman or wizard, this text traces the development of the Magus through pre-Christian religious and mystic philosophers, medieval sorcerers and alchemists and the 18th and 19th century occult revival."
"9780071401944 The New York Times Bestseller! Learn how to keep your cool and get the results you want when emotions flare. When stakes are high, opinions vary, and emotions run strong, you have three choices: Avoid a crucial conversation and suffer the consequences; handle the conversation badly and suffer the consequences; or read Crucial Conversations and discover how to communicate best when it matters most. Crucial Conversations gives you the tools you need to step up to life's most difficult and important conversations, say what's on your mind, and achieve the positive resolutions you want. You'll learn how to: Prepare for high-impact situations with a six-minute mastery technique Make it safe to talk about almost anything Be persuasive, not abrasive Keep listening when others blow up or clam up Turn crucial conversations into the action and results you want Whether they take place at work or at home, with your neighbors or your spouse, crucial conversations can have a profound impact on your career, your happiness, and your future. With the skills you learn in this book, you'll never have to worry about the outcome of a crucial conversation again."
"9780764587245 In the CliffsComplete guides, the novel's complete text and a glossary appear side-by-side with coordinating numbered lines to help you understand unusual words and phrasing. You'll also find all the commentary and resources of a standard CliffsNotes for Literature. CliffsComplete The Scarlet Letter is a novel of betrayal and trials. Hester Prynne is found guilty of adultery and must wear a scarlet ""A"" wherever she goes. Her story is filled with the slow process of redemption and eventual love. Discover what happens to Hester — and save valuable studying time — all at once. Enhance your reading of The Scarlet Letter with these additional features: A summary and insightful commentary for each chapter Bibliography and historical background on the author, Nathaniel Hawthorne A look at the historical context and structure of the novel Discussions on the novel's symbols and themes A character map that graphically illustrates the relationships among the characters Review questions, a quiz, discussion topics (essay questions), activity ideas A Resource Center full of books, articles, films, and Internet sites Streamline your literature study with all-in-one help from CliffsComplete guides!"
"9780786819119 Charming illustrations and playful rhythmic verse make real-life learning fun by taking babies and toddlers on an adventurous discovery of water and its many sources. Squeezable and floatable, Water, Water, Everywhere can be enjoyed in and out of the tub."
"9780330487146 `Brilliant and terrifying`Observer I had to be the man who was doing well and more than well, the man whose drab shop concealed some bigger operation that made millions. I had to be the man who had planned it all, who had come to the destroyed town at the bend in the river because he had foreseen the rich future. `Salim, the narrator, is a young man from an Indian family of traders long resident on the coast of Centeral Africa. Salim has left the coast to make his way in the interior, there to take on a small trading shop of this and that, sudries, sold to the natives. The place is “a bend in the river”; it is Africa. The time is post-colonial, the time of Independence. The Europeans have withdrawn or been forced to withdraw and the scene is one of chaos, violent change, warring tribes, ignorance, isolation, poverty and a lack of prepartion for the modern world they have entered, or partially assumed as a sort of decoration. It is a story of historical upheaval and social breakdown. Naipaul has fashioned a work of intense imaginative force. It is a haunting creation, rich with incident and human bafflement, played out in an immense detail of landscape rendered with a poignant brilliance.`Elizabeth Hardwick `Always a master of fictional landscape, Naipaul here shows, in his variety of human examples and in his search for underlying social causes, a Tolstoyan spirit`John Updike"
"9780091883768 Who Moved My Cheese? is a simple parable that reveals profound truths. It is the amusing and enlightening story of four characters who live in a maze and look for cheese to nourish them and make them happy. Cheese is a metaphor for what you want to have in life, for example a good job, a loving relationship, money or possessions, health or spiritual peace of mind. The maze is where you look for what you want, perhaps the organisation you work in, or the family or community you live in. The problem is that the cheese keeps moving. In the story, the characters are faced with unexpected change in their search for the cheese. One of them eventually deals with change successfully and writes what he has learned on the maze walls for you to discover. You'll learn how to anticipate, adapt to and enjoy change and be ready to change quickly whenever you need to. Discover the secret of the writing on the wall for yourself and enjoy less stress and more success in your work and life. Written for all ages, this story takes less than an hour to read, but its unique insights will last a lifetime."
"9780385423755 Analyzes history to determine why there are wars, whether there are underlying laws that explain why one nation challenges another, and whether there are forces working for the preservation of peace"
"9781563410901 Riki Anne Wilchins has written the book that may take the discussion of gender over the top. In a voice that is by turns outraged, outrageous, sad, and hilarious, Wilchins - cofounder of the Transexual Menace and Executive Director of GenderPAC - weaves theory and personal experience into a story of self-discovery. Lesbians, feminists, queer academics, activists, transpeople, the ""queer-on-the-street,"" and mainstream readers hungry for writing that pushes the absolute edge of the gender envelope - Read My Lips will change the way you think about bodies, sex, and gender."
"9780976631156 Clown Girl lives in Baloneytown, a seedy neighborhood where drugs, balloon animals, and even rubber chickens contribute to the local currency. Against a backdrop of petty crime, she struggles to live her dreams, calling on cultural masters Charlie Chaplin, Kafka, and da Vinci for inspiration. In an effort to support herself and her layabout performance-artist boyfriend, Clown Girl finds herself unwittingly transformed into a ""corporate clown,"" trapping herself in a cycle of meaningless, high-paid gigs that veer dangerously close to prostitution. Monica Drake has created a novel that riffs on the high comedy of early film stars — most notably Chaplin and W. C. Fields — to raise questions of class, gender, economics, and prejudice. Resisting easy classification, this debut novel blends the bizarre, the humorous, and the gritty with stunning skill."
"9780006496434 It was easy for Elizabeth. She married the man she loved. It was harder for Ruth. She married Elizabeth's son and then found that, somehow, she could never quite measure up. This thriller examines what women want and what they fear, as Ruth confronts the shifting borders of her own sanity."
"9780743244251 A brilliant billionaire asset manager, en route via white stretch limo to the local haircutter, finds his trip interrupted by a presidential motorcade, music idol's funeral, movie set, and violent political demonstration, and receives a number of important visitors in the fields of security, technology, currency, finance, and theory. Reprint. 75,000 first printing."
"9780192802637 The romance between Captain Wentworth and Anne, the daughter of Sir Walter Elliot, seems doomed because of the young man's family connections and lack of wealth."
"9780060834821 The Sheltering Sky is a landmark of twentieth-century literature. In this intensely fascinating story, Paul Bowles examines the ways in which Americans' incomprehension of alien cultures leads to the ultimate destruction of those cultures. A story about three American travelers adrift in the cities and deserts of North Africa after World War II, The Sheltering Sky explores the limits of humanity when it touches the unfathomable emptiness and impassive cruelty of the desert. This P.S. edition features an extra 16 pages of insights into the book, including author interviews, recommended reading, and more."
9780751517200 This collection of cartoons features Calvin and Hobbes . It shows Calvin-turned-firefly waking Hobbes with his flashlight glow; Spaceman Spiff rocketing through alien galaxies as he battles Dad-turned-Bug-Being; and Calvin's always inspired snowman art.
"9780061094231 On the heels of his New York Times bestseller Choke, Stuart Woods brings back one of his best-loved characters, Stone Barrington, in a glittering roller-coaster ride through the murderous world of high-profile celebrity gossip. Feared and disliked for both her poison pen and ice-queen persona, gossip columnist Amanda Dart finds the tables have turned. When an anonymous gossipmonger begins faxing the scathing details of Amanda's sexual indiscretions to national opinion makers, she turns to Stone Barrington for help. But as the faxes also expose other members of the gossip ""community,"" it becomes apparent that the most respected of the social scene will stop at nothing--even murder--to clear their names. Set against a backdrop of glitzy Manhattan society, Dirt is a sexy, fast-paced and witty thriller--Stuart Woods at his best."
"9781590301876 In this inspiring book, Sharon Salzberg, one of America's leading spiritual teachers, shows us how the Buddhist path of metta, or lovingkindness, can help us discover the radiant, joyful heart within each of us. The author draws on simple Buddhist teachings, wisdom stories from various traditions, guided meditation practices, and her own experience of practice and teaching to illustrate how each one of us can cultivate love, compassion, joy, and equanimity'the four ""heavenly abodes"" of traditional Buddhism."
"9780380732548 From July 1942 until August 1944, a young girl named Anne Frank kept a diary. Keeping a diary isn't unusual. Lots of girls do. But Anne's diary was unique. It chronicled the two years she and her family spent hiding from the Germans who were determined to annihilate all the Jews in Europe. In this sensitive and thoughtful introduction to the Holocaust and to the life of one of its best known victims, acclaimed author Johanna Hurwitz deftly evokes the background of World War II while capturing the unforgettable spirit and tragedy of Anne's life. From July 1942 until August 1944, a young girl named Anne Frank kept a diary. Keeping a diary isn't unusual. Lots of girls do. But Anne's diary was unique. It chronicled the two years she and her family spent hiding from the Germans who were determined to annihilate all the Jews in Europe. In this sensitive and thoughtful introduction to the Holocaust and to the life of one of its best known victims, acclaimed author Johanna Hurwitz deftly evokes the background of World War II while capturing the unforgettable spirit and tragedy of Anne's life."
"9780785123712 In Ultimate Fantastic Four Annual #2, something strange has happened at Nursery Two, the Baxter Building's Think Tank counterpart in Oregon. It's disappeared, seemingly swallowed up by the earth itself! And if you think that heralds the return of the macabre Mole Man, go to the head of the class! In Ultimate X-Men Annual #2, Dazzler has awakened from her coma only to discover her life is in deadly peril! And even her former fellow X-Men may be powerless to save her as a betrayal within the ranks has left them shellshocked. In Ultimate Spider-Man Annual #2, Punisher and Daredevil return! While Foggy Nelson offers Spidey some legal advice, Police Captain Jean DeWolfe gives him some other advice - on how to take down the Ultimate Kangaroo! And in The Ultimates Annual #2, as the Ultimates clear the wreckage from the recent attack on the United States, a monstrous evil from the past rises from the ashes to launch an attack when America is at her weakest. And with the ranks of the Ultimates severely depleted, all that stands in the path of the long-thought-dead bio-fanatic Arnim Zola is the indomitable Sentinel of Liberty, Captain America, and Sam Wilson, the high-flying Falcon! Collects The Ultimates Annual #2, Ultimate Fantastic Four Annual #2, Ultimate X-Men Annual #2 and Ultimate Spider-Man Annual #2."
"9780486256429 More than 100 splendid illustrations enhance this fascinating firsthand account of a 1923 expedition to survey the wildlife of the Galápagos Islands. Beebe, a renowned biologist and explorer, combines literary skill with careful research to produce an exceptionally readable book. ""High romance, exact science, fascinating history, wild adventure."" — Nation."
"9780375724954 The author of Motoring with Mohammed recounts his seven-month, three-thousand-mile walk across Borneo, and compares life in the jungle with Western civilization. Reprint. 12,500 first printing."
"9781416939610 Eliza, Jacqui, and Mara are just beginning their new careers, but find themselves all together in the Hamptons once again since Eliza's new stepmother needs a nanny."
"9780446578424 Killing a serial murderer while defending himself against an attack on his life, a man inadvertently enters an exclusive club of murderers who address one another with celebrity names and share a mutual love of ""the hunt,"" an organization that the protagonist decides to stop by systematically killing off its members."
"9780789313508 David Bowie and Mick Rock collaborate on a vast album of images of onstage performances and backstage antics during the life and times of Bowie's stage persona Ziggy Stardust. 12,500 first printing."
"9780345467324 When her teenage daughter vanishes shortly after Kara Marshall and her husband put their Long Island home on the market, Kara fears the worst despite the suspicions of police that the girl is a runaway and discovers that her daughter has been abducted along with a number of other missing persons and is at the uncertain mercy of a deranged murderer. Reprint."
"9781862073296 David Rodinsky lived above a synagogue in the heart of the old Jewish East End of London, and sometime in the late 1960s he disappeared. His room, a chaos of writings, annotated books and maps, gramophone records and clothes, was left undisturbed for 20 years. Rodinsky's world captured the imagination of a young artist, Rachel Lichtenstein, whose grandparents had escaped Poland in the 30s, and over a period of years she began to document the bizarre collection of artifacts that were found in his room, and make installations using images from his enigmatic bequest. She became obsessed with this mysterious man: Who was he? Where did he come from? Where did he go? Now Lichtenstein and Iain Sinclair have written an extraordinary book that weaves together Lichenstein's quest for Rodinsky. Part mystery story, part memoir, part travelogue, Rodinsky's Room is a testament to a world that has all but vanished and the celebration of the life of a unique man."
"9780765350985 One thousand years after pledging himself to the dark god Satoris, Lord Tanaros works to defend the citadel of Darkhaven from a human uprising, a situation that is complicated by Satoris's capture of the beautiful Elvish princess, Cerelinde. By the author of Banewreaker. Reprint."
"9780099437598 iDEATH is a place where the sun shines a different colour every day and where people travel to the length of their dreams. Rejecting the violence and hate of the old gang at the Forgotten Works, they lead gentle lives in watermelon sugar. In this book, Richard Brautigan discovers and expresses the mood of a new generation."
"9780786016051 When the bullet-ridden body of a woman, identified only by a strange ring on her finger, and a tiny skull wash up on shore, Detective Louis Kincaid makes a connection that takes him to a remote island rife with evil and betrayal."
"9780143038092 Encompassing two generations and a rich blend of Chinese and American history, the story of four struggling, strong women also reveals their daughter's memories and feelings."
"9781585004843 The people of Scerone gathered in the Ring of Challenge. They had come to witness the passing of their beloved Amulet from one Guardian to the next, as well as the fulfilling of the ancient prophecy that would unite the two great powers of their land. But instead, betrayal and subterfuge plunged their world into chaos. The Amulet, (a powerful talisman that holds most of their world's magic) is sentenced to fifty years of silence, and worse, helplessness. The talisman is secreted away, hidden from the treacherous Queen whose one desire is to claim its powers as her own. For fifty years the power of the Amulet is trapped within the golden walls of its domain, waiting for the time when it can summon the next young woman who will serve as Guardian and wield its power. Jessica Spencer cannot explain the recurring dream that beckons to her. Every morning the message of the dream is lost leaving her with an aching desire to fulfill a fate she cannot even remember. Fifty years later, they gather once again in the Ring of Challenge, hoping to see an end to the reign of terror that began with the silencing of the Amulet half a century ago. The High Queen, who desires nothing more than to weild the power herself, the fair-haired child who is slowly realizing the fate her dreams have only hinted at, their Protector and Champion come together in the Ring of Challenge to once again decide the destiny of the Scerone. Fair-haired child full of grace"
"9781563895951 With Superman being assumed dead for fifteen years, Superman's son, Jon Kent, suddenly awakens to his extraordinary powers and his real identity, and goes in search of his mother, Lois Lane, and the secret behind his father's disappearance."
"9780330334617 Cormac McCarthy’s award-winning, bestselling trio of novels chronicles the coming-of-age of two young men in the south west of America. John Grady Cole and Billy Parham, two cowboys of the old school, are poised on the edge of a world about to change forever. Their journeys across the border into Mexico, each an adventure fraught with fear and pain, mark a passage into adulthood, and eventual salvation. In All the Pretty Horses, young John Grady Cole, dispossessed by the sale of his family’s Texas ranch, heads across the border in search of the cowboy life, where he finds a job breaking horses, and a dangerously ill-fated romance. In The Crossing, sixteen-year-old Billy Parham captures a wolf that has been marauding his family’s ranch and, instead of killing it, decides to take it on a perilous journey home to the mountains of Mexico.These two drifters come together years later in Cities of the Plain, a magnificent tale of friendship and passion. In the vanishing world of the Old West, blood and violence are conditions of life. Beautiful and brutal, filled with sorrow and humour, The Border Trilogy is both an epic love story and a fierce elegy for the American frontier."
"9780805076233 It began with the German invasion of Poland on September 1, 1939. By the time it came to an end on V-J Day--August 14, 1945--it had involved every major power and become global in its reach. In the final accounting, it would turn out to be, in both human terms and material resources, the costliest war, taking the lives of forty million people."
"9780689849121 Set in 1916, Hitty's owner is the daughter of a suffragist and so is able to witness up-close the political struggles involved in getting women their right to vote. Reader's Guide available. Simultaneous."
"9780385721912 Found wandering in the desert outside of Las Vegas, Samson Greene, a thirty-six-year-old Columbia University English professor, is discovered to have a brain tumor, but when surgery removes the tumor, leaving him with no recollection of his life after the age of twelve, he finds himself struggling to deal with a life, and a wife, he no longer recognizes. A first novel. Reprint. 12,500 first printing."
"9780316735162 Welcome to New York City's Upper East Side, where my friends and I live in gorgeous apartments, go to exclusive private schools, and make Manhattan our own personal playground. It might look hard to be this fabulous, but for us it's as easy as sleeping with your best friend's boyfriend. 6th installment of the Gossip Girls series!"
"9780747574651 It's 1960, in America, at a prestigious boys' public school, a place of privilege that places great emphasis on its democratic ideals. A teenage boy in his final year, on a scholarship, has learned to fit in with his adoptive tribe while concealing as much as possible about himself and his background. Class is ever present, but the only acknowledged snobbery is a literary snobbery. These boys' heroes are writers - Fitzgerald, Cummings, Kerouac. They want to be writers themselves, and the school has a tradition whereby once a term big names from the literary world are invited to visit. A contest takes place with the boys admitting a piece of writing and the winner having a private audience with the visitor. When it is announced that Hemingway will be the next to come to the school, competition among the boys is intense, and the morals the school and the boys hold dear - honour, loyalty and friendship - are tested. No one writes more astutely than Wolff about the process by which character is formed, and here he illuminates the irresistible strength, even the violence, of the self-creative urge. This is a novel that, in its power and its beauty, in its precision and its humanity, is at once contemporary and timeless."
"9780099462255 The cream of British and American crime writers combine for a must- have collection of linked short stories- With each writer picking up the story in their usual locale (Val McDermid in Manchester, Denise Mina in Glasgow, Karin Slaughter in Atlanta), each of these prestigious crime writers tells a gripping story (original to this collection) of murder, betrayal and intrigue. And running through each story is a charm bracelet- which brings bad luck wherever it's found... The must- have collection for all fans of British and American crime writing at it's best..."
"9780330490269 âe~Generous, earthy and raw . . . Mysteries donâe(tm)t come more heartfelt than thisâe(tm) Independent Georgie Jutland is a mess. At forty, with her career in ruins, she finds herself stranded with a fisherman she doesnâe(tm)t love and two kids whose dead mother she can never replace. Her days have fallen into domestic tedium and social isolation. Her nights are a blur of vodka and pointless loitering in cyberspace. One morning, in the boozy pre-dawn gloom, she looks up from the computer screen to see a shadow lurking on the beach below, and a dangerous new element enters her life. Luther Fox, the local poacher. Jinx. Outcast. So begins an unlikely alliance. Set in the wild landscape of Western Australia, this is a novel about the odds of breaking with the past, a love story about people stifled by grief or regret, whose dreams are lost, whose hopes have dried up. Itâe(tm)s a journey across landscapes within and without, about the music that sometimes arises from the dust. âe~Winton keeps writing fiction that makes the novel feel alive to a continent of possibilitiesâe(tm) Evening Standard âe~Winton is not a great Australian novelist; he is a great novelist, full stopâe(tm) The Times"
"9780618134328 From one of America's most distinguished historians comes this classic analysis of Richard Nixon. By considering some of the president's opinions, Wills comes to the controversial conclusion that Nixon was actually a liberal. Both entertaining and essential, Nixon Agonistes captures a troubled leader and a struggling nation mired in a foolish Asian war, forfeiting the loyalty of its youth, puzzled by its own power, and looking to its cautious president for confidence. In the end, Nixon Agonistes reaches far beyond its assessment of the thirty-seventh president to become an incisive and provocative analysis of the American political machine."
"9780006514640 Alone and vulnerable, Alys joins a nunnery in an attempt to escape poverty but finds herself thrown back into the outside world when Henry VIII's wreckers destroy her sanctuary. With nothing but her looks, her magic and her own instinctive cunning, Alys has to tread a perilous path between the faith of her childhood and her own female power. When she falls in love with Hugo, the feudal lord and another woman's husband, she dips into witchcraft to defeat her rival and to win her lover, only to find that magic makes a poor servant but a dominant master. Since heresy against the new church means the stake, and witchcraft the rope, Alys's danger is mortal. A woman's powers are not longer safe to use..."
"9780843945805 These short stories from a master storyteller of horror ""can chill the spine so effectively that the reader should keep paramedics on standby, "" says author Dean Koontz. It all begins when a young boy is held captive in an old tenement, and from there 13 nightmares unfold."
"9780312319731 Argues for responsible action in the treatment of animals, challenging popular conceptions about animal feeling and awareness and profiling a safari convention, factory farm, and the works of top writers."
9780295979847 A lost chapter of both California labor history and the Asian American experience are eloquently brought to light in Philip Vera Cruz’s oral memoir. This account of an exceptional leader explores the unacknowledged role of Filipino laborers in the creation of the United Farm Workers union.
"9781405228183 The third volume from the heroine Cat Royal, in which the French Royal family flee as Cat takes her first steps as a dancing spy and witnesses the power of the people."
"9781841493558 THE SCIONS OF SHANNARA - A dire message from the Druid Allanon sends Par and his brother on an impossible task: to recover the long-lost Sword of Shannara - or the Four Lands will be destroyed. THE DRUID OF SHANNARA - Evil forces remain in control of the Four Lands. To restore Druid Allanon's keep, Walker Boh journeys to find the black Elfstone. He must venture into perilous lands with a strange band of fellow travellers - one of whom is hatching his own sinister plot. THE ELF QUEEN OF SHANNARA - Ordered by the Druid Allanon to find the Elves and return them to the world of Men, Wren is taken to an island where they might still exist. Even if by some miracle she locates the Elves, will they follow her? THE TALISMANS OF SHANNARA - The Shadowen still swarm over the Four Lands, poisoning everything with their dark magic. Their leader is determined to destroy all the Scions of Shannara. The charges are doomed to failure - unless Par can unlock the Sword of Shannara's power."
"9780571218851 In these eleven intersecting stories, Rohinton Mistry opens our eyes and our hearts to the rich, complex patterns of life inside this Bombay apartment building. The occupants - from Jaakaylee, the ghost-seer, through Najamai, the only owner of a refrigerator in Firozsha Baag, to Rustomji the Curmudgeon and Kersi, the young boy whose life threads through the book - all express the tensions between the past and the present, between the old world and the new."
"9781591163558 Now, Princess Nausicaä and the God Warrior, a biotechnological abomination of the war known as the Seven Days of Fire, embark on a journey to the Crypt of Shuwa to seal away the terrible weaponry hidden within. But everyone seems to be conspiring to prevent Nausicaä from carrying out her mission, even the guardian of the crypt himself!"
"9780689873195 Three girls with three agendas and the ultimate destination: the Hamptons. Summer in the city? Way overrated. Everybody who's anybody in New York City summers in the Hamptons. Mara, Eliza, and Jacqui all want a piece of the action, all for different reasons. So the girls answer a classified ad to become au pairs. How bad can it be, watching a couple of kids on the beach all day? They've got the swank address, the sweet ride, and an all-access pass to the hottest social scene on the East Coast. It's shaping up to be the summer of their lives."
"9780064441766 A patriotic feline, Captain Cat springs out of bed whenever the bugle sounds and he has more stripes than any of the soldiers. But most of all, this young recruit and his best friend Pete know what it really takes to make the army a home—friendship. ‘Hoff continues his string of hits.’ —BL. ‘Hoff has maintained his deft touch with a title that’s sure to appeal to youngsters.’ —SLJ."
"9780441013678 In the future world of the Sprawl, an urban complex that extends from Boston to Houston, where a sentient computer database known as the Cyberspace matrix dominates humanity's fate, a corporate mercenary, awakening in a reconstructed body, in sent on a perilous mission to retrieve a defecting chief of R&D and his state-of-the-art biochip. Reprint."
"9780743498715 Inventor, girl genius Tinker lives in a near-future Pittsburgh which now exists mostly in the land of the elves. She runs her salvage business, pays her taxes, and tries to keep the local ambient level of magic down with gadgets of her own design. When a pack of wargs chase an Elven noble into her scrap yard, life as she knows it takes a serious detour. Tinker finds herself taking on the Elven court, the NSA, the Elven Interdimensional Agency, technology smugglers and a college-minded Xenobiologist as she tries to stay focused on what's really important - her first date. Armed with an intelligence the size of a planet, steel-toed boots, and a junkyard dog attitude, Tinker is ready to kick butt to get her first kiss."
"9780679724773 The emperor Claudius tells of his life during the reigns of Augustus, Tiberius, and Caligula and the events that led to his rise to power in a classic novel reconstructing ancient Rome"
"9780805073669 Chronicles the worst disaster in U.S. naval history, describing heroism in the face of persistant shark attacks and hypothermia after the sinking of the U.S.S. Indianapolis in the South Pacific in the final days of World War II."
"9780375827488 Easter is coming! The farmyard animals are planning a surprise for Ann Eliza, the little girl who takes care of them. Everyone contributes—Little Brown Hen lays the eggs, the chicks and goslings gather flowers, and White Rabbit and his family paint the eggs. Easter morning, the animals have a parade and give Ann Eliza her very own Easter basket . . . a very happy Easter, indeed!"
9780744005837 Provides helpful hints and strategies for playing the PlayStation 2 video game Dragon Quest VIII: Journey of the Cursed King. Includes: how to master every spell and ability in the game; character info; a bestiary; side quests; map; item lists; a fold-out map; and much more.
"9780805431575 Describes the famous 1925 courtroom showdown of William Jennings Bryan and Clarence Darrow over the teaching of evolution in public schools, and points out details and discrepancies that have not come to light until recently."
"9780373638178 Allied with fellow outcasts Brigid Baptiste and Grant, Kane journeys back in time to pre-apocalyptic New York City, where he hopes to win over a young man who could alter the future. Original."
"9780684852706 A Shakespeare instructor to the acting community discusses his childhood spent with an overwhelmed mother, critical father, and severely handicapped sister; the discovery of Shakespeare that gave him a purpose and a means of viewing the world; and his work with celebrated actors, seniors, and college students. Reprint."
"9780268018498 The Treatise on Happiness and the accompanying Treatise on Human Acts comprise the first twenty-one questions of I-II of the Summa Theologiae. From his careful consideration of what true happiness is, to his comprehensive discussion of how it can be attained, St. Thomas Aquinas offers a challenging and classic statement of the goals of human life, both ultimate and proximate. This translation presents in accurate, consistent, contemporary English the great Christian thinker's enduring contributions on the subject of man's happiness."
"9780374530310 The Georgics is a poem by Latin poet Virgil, likely published in 29 BC. As the name suggests (from the Greek word γεωργικά, geōrgika, i.e. ""agricultural (things)"") the subject of the poem is agriculture; but far from being an example of peaceful rural poetry, it is a work characterized by tensions in both theme and purpose. The Georgics is considered Virgil's second major work, following his Eclogues and preceding the Aeneid. The poem draws on a variety of prior sources,[citation needed] and has influenced many later authors from antiquity to the present."
"9781400032051 Describes how recent archaeological research has transformed long-held myths about the Americas, revealing far older and more advanced cultures with a greater population than were previously thought to have existed."
"9780446698870 On January 15, 1947, the torture-ravished body of a beautiful young woman is found in a Los Angeles vacant lot. The victim makes headlines as the Black Dahlia-and so begins the greatest manhunt in California history.Caught up in the investigation are Bucky Bleichert and Lee Blanchard: Warrants Squad cops, friends, and rivals in love with the same woman. But both are obsessed with the Dahlia-driven by dark needs to know everything about her past, to capture her killer, to possess the woman even in death. Their quest will take them on a hellish journey through the underbelly of postwar Hollywood, to the core of the dead girl's twisted life, past the extremes of their own psyches-into a region of total madness."
"9781578569052 Thinking the guys at work are playing an absurd joke on him, Nick Cominsky accepts a dinner invitation with Jesus Christ, and soon finds himself deep in conversation about family, religion, and faith, and confronting his doubts."
"9780060574215 Rediscover the most famous relationship book ever published Once upon a time Martians and Venusians met, fell in love, and had happy relationships together because they respected and accepted their differences. Then they came to Earth and amnesia set in: they forgot they were from different planets. Based on years of successful counseling of couples and individuals, Men Are from Mars, Women Are from Venus has helped millions of couples transform their relationships. Now viewed as a modern classic, this phenomenal book has helped men and women realize how different they can be in their communication styles, their emotional needs, and their modes of behavior—and offers the secrets of communicating without conflicts, allowing couples to give intimacy every chance to grow."
"9781588990846 After discovering that she is pregnant with his child, Tomie's teacher, Mr. Takagi, kills Tomie and has the class help him divide her body and dispose of it in various locations, never expecting that she might come back."
"9781933368368 Finding themselves in the very unusual world of Manhattan, a pair of Scottish thimble fairies apply their folk wisdom to assist a pair of down-and-out humans, including Kerry, who struggles with a colostomy bag, and Dinnie, who exhibits anti-social behaviors. Original."
"9780140276336 In the author's words, this novel is an attempt at a comic family epic of little England into which an explosion of ethnic colour is injected. It tells the story of three families, one Indian, one white, one mixed, in North London and Oxford from World War II to the present day."
"9780140345827 Max finds himself in possession of a time travel device which is eagerly sought by two desperate men, the scientist who invented it and the scientist's alter ego from a different timeline."
"9780374530303 Peck weaves together two sets of stories--the story of John's life and the stories that John writes in his journals--to create a compelling portrait of a homosexual artist confronted with his own mortality in the wake of AIDS. ""A stunning debut"".--The New York Times."
"9780811855266 Drawn from firsthand accounts and featuring hundreds of never-before-published portraits, ad shoots, and candid snapshots, this revealing look at the life of Edie Sedgwick, the ""it"" girl of the Andy Warhol Factory scene, details her many roles as a model, film star, socialite, friend, lover, and drug addict."
"9780231121897 This book explores the puzzling phenomenon of new veiling practices among lower middle class women in Cairo, Egypt. Although these women are part of a modernizing middle class, they also voluntarily adopt a traditional symbol of female subordination. How can this paradox be explained? An explanation emerges which reconceptualizes what appears to be reactionary behavior as a new style of political struggle--as accommodating protest. These women, most of them clerical workers in the large government bureaucracy, are ambivalent about working outside the home, considering it a change which brings new burdens as well as some important benefits. At the same time they realize that leaving home and family is creating an intolerable situation of the erosion of their social status and the loss of their traditional identity. The new veiling expresses women's protest against this. MacLeod argues that the symbolism of the new veiling emerges from this tense subcultural dilemma, involving elements of both resistance and acquiescence."
"9781586853334 There's this boy. Let's say he's somewhere between nine and thirteen years old or so. You'd like to see this kid get creative. You'd like to see him get some exercise. You'd like to see him get out from in front of the television. And you'd love for him to be motivated enough to find some stuff to do on his own. This boy NEEDS The Big Book of Boy Stuff! This thick, durable book includes fascinating chapters on gross stuff, magic, emergencies, fireworks, games, experiments, jokes, activities, insults, pets, flying things, and, of course, duct tape. Boys can learn fun experiments such as how to create a ""Monster in a Box"" using a shoebox, a flowerpot, and a potato. Next, they can work on building a pneumatic rocket made out of a lip balm tube and air. The sky is truly the limit when it comes to these fun and entertaining projects. No boyhood is complete without a copy! The Big Book of Boy Stuff has all the important information that boys just have to know: How can I make a rocket? What do I do if I get a bean stuck up my nose? How can I make lightning without killing myself? Where can I find new practical jokes? What is the best way to poop outside? How do I tell a girl I like her? Why would I tell a girl I like her? How many mosquitoes does it take to suck all the blood out of a person? What's that smell? . . . and many, many more! The veteran of many water-balloon wars, Bart King has twice won the prized ""Arrested Development"" award from the New York Society of Amateur Psychologists. He has been a middle-school teacher for the past fifteen years. This is his first book, unless you count that other one he wrote. Bart has interviewed hundreds of the country's wisest guys and smartest alecks for the incredible material in The Big Book of Boy Stuff. Bart invites you to visit this book's website at: www.bartking.net"
"9780761554912 * Exclusive maps that can only be found in the Prima guide. * Detailed walkthrough of Episodes I, II, and III * Hidden item locations revealed. * All characters strengths and weaknesses, as well as their unique weapons and abilities."
"9780590692083 Eight-year-old Victoria Kent, distantly in line for the British throne, is spending six months in the states with her parents and Mary Anne is hired as her companion."
"9781400098033 Nicolai Hel uses his nearly superhuman mental and physical prowess to destroy political terrorists and decides to take on The Mother Company itself, a supermonolith of espionage and economic monopoly, in a twenty-fifth anniversary edition of the classic thriller. Reprint. 50,000 first printing."
"9780345482402 Follows one man from ninth-century Russia to present-day America as he struggles to rescue a princess and her kingdom, find true love, and overcome the blackest of evil."
"9780060975098 In the spring of 1914, renowned photographer August Sander took a photograph of three young men on their way to a country dance. This haunting image, capturing the last moments of innocence on the brink of World War I, provides the central focus of Powers's brilliant and compelling novel. As the fate of the three farmers is chronicled, two contemporary stories unfold. The young narrator becomes obsessed with the photo, while Peter Mays, a computer writer in Boston, discovers he has a personal link with it. The three stories connect in a surprising way and provide the reader with a mystery that spans a century of brutality and progress."
"9780375507908 A special anniversary edition presents Capote's masterful account of the senseless 1959 murders of four members of a farm family in Holcomb, Kansas, and the search for the killers, Richard Eugene Hickock and Perry Edward Smith. Reissue. 10,000 first printing."
9780590764704 Stacey and her parents are moving back to New York! Not only are the Babysitters losing their treasurer but Claudia is losing her best friend.
"9781932416138 A debut collection of short stories presents a compelling cast of characters who struggle with inconvenient revelations, from the deserts of Egypt to the side of Interstate 5."
"9780140281705 Mr Mulliner, raconteur par excellence of the Anglers' Rest, has some amazing stories to relate. Take, for example, young Lancelot. He is a bohemian - or was, until he had to look after his saintly uncle's cat Webster, and was startlingly transformed. Then there is Mulliner's brother Wilfred, a whizzo at chemistry, whose 'Magic Marvels' medicine gets him in and out of a dreadful scrape. Mervyn, not one of the brighter members of the family, has a scrap over some strawberries. Not to mention Augustine the resourceful curate, Ignatius the portrait-painter, Adrian the detective and many more besides, whose wonderful and intriguing exploits are revealed in this witty omnibus. 'Witty and effortlessly fluid. His books are laugh-out-loud funny.' Arabella Weir"
"9780385418867 The noted mythologist discusses the relationship of ancient myths to modern life, including discussions of recent heros, tales of love and marriage, the power of myth, and mythic themes"
"9780812216271 From the Penn Greek Drama Series, this volume offers translations by David Slavitt of the great trilogy of the House of Atreus, telling of Agamemnon's murder at the hands of his wife, Clytemnestra, and her lover, Aegisthus, and of Electra's rebelliousness and Orestes's ultimate revenge."
"9781400032389 Provides advice to young artists on how they can integrate artistic integrity with professional savvy, discussing such topics as the importance of networking, the role of the artist in social change, and how to pursue one's art without compromise."
"9780689861130 Children will love joining in and imitating the animal noises and sounds in this big, bold board book format, illustrated with Sandra Boynton's seriously silly signature animals."
"9780441004096 The author recounts his travels around the world, detailing his experiences in places ranging from New Orleans to the Panama Canal to the African veldt"
"9780805390476 This revised edition of Feynman’s legendary lectures includes extensive corrections Feynman and his colleagues received and Caltech approved, making this the definitive edition ofThe Feynman Lectures on Physics.For all readers interested in physics."
"9780800614287 The liturgies of the Word and the Lord's Supper that are included in this volume range from those of the church fathers Justin Martyr and Hippolytus through the Roman Mass (in both Latin and English), to the great Reformation liturgies of Luther, Zwingli, Calvin, Knox, Baxter, and Wesley, as well as the Middleburg Liturgy of the English Puritans and the Westminster Directory. In addition to his translations, Thompson draws upon copies of many original documents to insure accuracy. An introduction, which places the liturgy within its tradition, accompanies each text."
"9780141185132 The townspeople of Oran are in the grip of a deadly plague. Each person responds in their own way to the disease: some resign themselves to fate, some seek blame, and a few resist the terror. This title is in part an allegory of France's suffering under the Nazi occupation, and a story of bravery against the precariousness of human existence."
"9780099477310 WITH AN INTRODUCTION BY HOWARD JACOBSON Explosive, subversive, wild and funny, 50 years on the novel's strength is undiminished. Reading Joseph Heller's classic satire is nothing less than a rite of passage. Set in the closing months of World War II in an American bomber squadron off the coast of Italy, Catch-22 is the story of a bombardier named Yossarian who is frantic and furious because thousands of people he has never even met keep trying to kill him. Joseph Heller's bestselling novel is a hilarious and tragic satire on military madness, and the tale of one man's efforts to survive it."
"9780886774639 Granddaughter of a sorceress and daughter of a noble house, Kerowyn had been forced to run the family keep since her mother's untimely death. Now all of her hopes and plans to return to training horses and hunting have been shattered by an attack on her ancestral home, the death of her father, the wounding of her brother and the kidnapping of his fiance."
"9780007111503 The Famous Volume Of Tommy & Tuppence Linked Short Stories, Reissued In A New Look To Coincide With The Brand New Series Of Tommy & Tuppence Bbc Movies. Tommy And Tuppence Beresford Were Restless For Adventure, So When They Were Asked To Take Over Blunt S International Detective Agency, They Leapt At The Chance. After Their Triumphant Recovery Of A Pink Pearl, Intriguing Cases Kept On Coming Their Way: A Stabbing On Sunningdale Golf Course; Cryptic Messages In The Personal Columns Of Newspapers; And Even A Box Of Poisoned Chocolates."
"9780688140717 In this compelling book, Elan Golomb identifies the crux of the emotional and psychological problems of millions of adults. Simply put, the children of narcissist -- offspring of parents whose interest always towered above the most basic needs of their sons and daughters -- share a common belief: They believe they do not have the right to exist. The difficulties experienced by adult children of narcissists can manifest themselves in many ways: for examples, physical self-loathing that takes form of overeating, anorexia, or bulimia; a self-destructive streak that causes poor job performance and rocky personal relationships; or a struggle with the self that is perpetuated in the adult's interaction with his or her own children. These dilemmas are both common and correctable, Dr. Golomb tells us. With an empathic blend of scholarship and case studies, along with her own personal narrative of her fight for self, Dr. Golomb plumbs the depths of this problem, revealing its mysterious hold on the affairs of otherwise bright, aware, motivated, and worthy people. Trapped in the Mirror explores. the nature of the paralysis and lack of motivation so many adults feel stress and its role in exacerbating childhood wrongs why do many of our relationships seem to be ""reruns"" of the past how one's body image can be formed by faulty parenting how anger must be acknowledge to be overcome and, most important, how even the most traumatized self can be healed. Rooted in a profoundly humanist traditional approach, and suffused with the benefit of the latest knowledge about intrafamily relationships, Trapped in the Mirror offers more than the average self-help book; it is truly the first self-heal book for millions."
"9780553573305 The author of Startide Rising returns to the setting of his Hugo and Nebula Award-winning novel to tell the story of the planet Jijo, home to an illegal colony whose existence is threatened by mysterious visitors. Reprint. PW. K."
9780310217602 Paramedic Issie Mattreaux joins forces with minister Nick Foster to investigate after Foster's church is burned to the ground and a young African-American man is found shot to death in the rubble. Original.
9780553383683 Chronicles the battle of three hundred Spartan warriors against a huge force of Persian soldiers in 480 B.C. against the background of life in ancient Sparta and its extraordinary culture.
"9780141183350 This novel by the author of Maurice and A Passage to India deals with personal relationships and conflicting values and has been filmed, directed by James Ivory and starring Anthony Hopkins, Vanessa Redgrave, Emma Thompson, Prunella Scales, James Wilby, Helena Bonham Carter and Jemma Redgrave."
"9781857152746 The brevity of Muriel Spark's novels is equaled only by their brilliance. These four novels, each a miniature masterpiece, illustrate her development over four decades. Despite the seriousness of their themes, all four are fantastic comedies of manners, bristling with wit. Spark's most celebrated novel, THE PRIME OF MISS JEAN BRODIE, tells the story of a charismatic schoolteacher's catastrophic effect on her pupils. THE GIRLS OF SLENDER MEANS is a beautifully drawn portrait of young women living in a hostel in London in the giddy postwar days of 1945. THE DRIVER'S SEAT follows the final haunted hours of a woman descending into madness. And THE ONLY PROBLEM is a witty fable about suffering that brings the Book of Job to bear on contemporary terrorism. All four novels give evidence of one of the most original and unmistakable voices in contemporary fiction. Characters are vividly etched in a few words; earth-shaking events are lightly touched on. Yet underneath the glittering surface there is an obsessive probing of metaphysical questions: the meaning of good and evil, the need for salvation, the search for significance."
"9780786931965 Follows the adventures and exploits of the minotaurs as they become caught up in the chaos, fallout, and changing destinies that resulted from the War of Souls."
"9780393050578 A portrait of Elizabethan England and how it contributed to the making of William Shakespeare discusses how he moved to London lacking money, connections, and a formal education; started a family; attempted to forge his career in the competitive theater world; grappled with dangerous religious and political forces; and rose to became his age's foremost playwright. 100,000 first printing."
"9780670034666 A Los Angeles Times columnist recounts her eighteen-month undercover stint as a man, a time during which she underwent considerable personal risks as she worked a sales job, joined a bowling league, frequented sex clubs, dated, and encountered firsthand the rigid codes and rituals of masculinity. 80,000 first printing."
"9780141439518 In early nineteenth-century England, a spirited young woman copes with the suit of a snobbish gentleman, as well as the romantic entanglements of her four sisters."
"9780553233506 Sent to a summer camp for overweight children, a boy and girl rebel against the camp's authorities and discover their own effective method of losing weight."
"9780743264730 The first full biography of Albert Einstein since all of his papers have become available shows how his scientific imagination sprang from the rebellious nature of his personality. Biographer Isaacson explores how an imaginative, impertinent patent clerk-"
"9780060786731 Summoned to a small harbor town by a former trenchmate falsely accused of assaulting an ex-lover's husband, Scotland Yard inspector Ian Rutledge is reminded of an affair from his own past and investigates a bizarre coincidence."
"9780143037484 Two seemingly unrelated murders draw Sicilian sleuth Inspector Montalbano into a dangerous world of illicit trafficking in human lives and test both his personal endurance and his loyalty to the institution he serves. Original. 35,000 first printing."
"9780486421247 A king is suspicious of his son's role in an impending revolution. Considered one of the outstanding Spanish dramas of all-time, this 17th-century allegory explores the mysteries of human destiny, the illusory nature of existence, and the struggle between predestination and free will. Includes an excellent new English translation, with an informative introduction and footnotes."
"9780330411738 Baldacci's #1 ""New York Times"" bestseller brings back Sean King and Michelle Maxwell--the unstoppable duo from ""Split Second""--on the trails of two diabolical killers, one of whom is copying the other--and stealing the ""credit."""
"9780517082454 Edgar Allan Poe (1809-1849) is internationally renowned as a pioneering master of the macabre. He is regarded as one of the world's great short story writers as well as a great lyric poet, and is credited with inventing the detective story and the modern gothic horror tale. He has been an important influence on many major American and European writers including William Faulkner, Fyodor Dostoevsky, Baudelaire, H.P. Lovecraft, and William Butler Yeats, among many others. Poe's poetry, which is collected in this volume, is more personal than his prose. The themes of love, death, and despair which recur throughout reflect the anguish he suffered in his own troubled life. ""Annabel Lee"" is a haunting lament to his young wife, Virginia, who died of tuberculosis. ""The Bells"" is an eerie and melancholy meditation which recreates with brilliant musical language the hypnotic, funereal aura of ringing bells. ""The Raven"" is a comic tour de force in which the protagonist turns his strange visitor into a symbol of his own sorrow and loss. Poe's best poems remain some of the most popular and technically accomplished in the English language. This book features a deluxe cover, ribbon marker, top stain, and decorative endpaper with a name plate."
"9780064404891 In 1867, Otter travels from Three Willows Village in China to California -- the Land of the Golden Mountain. There he will join his father and uncle. In spite of the presence of family, Otter is a stranger among the other Chinese in this new land. And where he expected to see a land of goldfields, he sees only vast, cold whiteness. But Otter's dream is to learn all he can, take the technology back to the Middle Kingdom, and free China from the Manchu invaders. Otter and the others board a machine that will change his life -- a train for which he would open the Dragon's Gate."
"9780060589462 One of the most important and influential books written in the past half-century, Robert M. Pirsig's Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance is a powerful, moving, and penetrating examination of how we live . . . and a breathtaking meditation on how to live better. Here is the book that transformed a generation: an unforgettable narration of a summer motorcycle trip across America's Northwest, undertaken by a father and his young son. A story of love and fear -- of growth, discovery, and acceptance -- that becomes a profound personal and philosophical odyssey into life's fundamental questions, this uniquely exhilarating modern classic is both touching and transcendent, resonant with the myriad confusions of existence . . . and the small, essential triumphs that propel us forward."
"9780099801900 A famous writer and his mistress meet in a room without a bed. They talk, they play games with each other, they have sex, they tell lies. This work since ""Complaint"", explores adultery and the unmasking of illicit lovers in a novel that exposes the tenderness and uncertainty underlying all affairs of the heart."
"9780801435300 With a masterful sense of the place of rhetoric in both thought and practice and an ear attuned to the clarity, natural simplicity, and charm of Plato's Greek prose, James H. Nichols Jr., offers precise yet unusually readable translations of two great Platonic dialogues on rhetoric. The Gorgias presents an intransigent argument that justice is superior to injustice: To the extent that suffering an injustice is preferable to committing an unjust act. The dialogue contains some of Plato's most significant and famous discussions of major political themes, and focuses dramatically and with unrivaled intensity on Socrates as a political thinker and actor. Featuring some of Plato's most soaringly lyrical passages, the Phaedrus investigates the soul's erotic longing and its relationship to the whole cosmos, as well as inquiring into the nature of rhetoric and the problem of writing. Nichols's attention to dramatic detail brings the dialogues to life. Plato's striking variety in conversational address (names and various terms of relative warmth and coolness) is carefully reproduced, as is alteration in tone and implication even in the short responses. The translations render references to the gods accurately and non-monotheistically for the first time, and include a fascinating variety of oaths and invocations. A general introduction on rhetoric from the Greeks to the present shows the problematic relation of rhetoric to philosophy and politics, states the themes that unite the two dialogues, and outlines interpretive suggestions that are then developed more fully for each dialogue. The twin dialogues reveal both the private and the political rhetoric emphatic in Plato's philosophy, yet often ignored in commentaries on it. Nichols believes that Plato's thought on rhetoric has been largely misunderstood, and he uses his translations as an opportunity to reconstruct the classical position on right relations between thought and public activity."
"9780486264738 Two classics in one volume: ""Bartleby,"" a disturbing moral allegory set in 19th-century New York, and ""Benito Cereno,"" a gripping sea adventure that probes the nature of man's depravity."
9780764584657 A beginner's guide to astronomy features information about the solar system as well as star maps and a monthly guide on locating the planets in the sky.
"9780140275018 A history of the fish that has led to wars, stirred revolutions, sustained economies and diets, and helped in the settlement of North America features photographs, drawings, and recipes, as well as the natural history of this much sought after fish"
"9780755301942 Gorgeous, world-famous cellist Evie Silverman is classical-lite through and through. Real musicians despise her. Her talent has been promoted way beyond its value because - apparently - everyone loves a blonde girl in lipstick who can do interesting things between her thighs. She's played for the President of the United States. She's played at No 10 Downing Street. And tonight she's playing for Royalty. But tonight she's also going to change her life. Tonight she's going to leave her husband. Tonight, for the first time in fifteen years, she's going to stand on her own two feet. For tomorrow begins her new life - starting with a trip to New York. It all too soon becomes apparent that breaking the rules - and escaping from your past - isn't what it's cracked up to be..."
"9780744578263 Washed up on the beach during a storm, the sea-thing child clings fearfully to the shore until he discovers his true destiny. Suggested level: primary."
"9780786712342 A profile based on the subject's personal archives describes such topics as Doyle's education at Stonyhurst and Edinburgh University, his Southsea medical practice, his two marriages, his forays into politics and spiritualism, his friendships with such figures as H. G. Wells and King Edward VII, and his literary ambitions. Reprint."
"9780310247562 Twenty-year-old Emily meets Justin, a young Army reservist, and their deep love built on the foundation of faith blossoms into plans for marriage, while Emily's parents must learn to set aside their opposing views on the war in Iraq."
"9780441012114 With his father on his deathbed, Prince Conrig of Cathra and his lover, the seductive sorceress Princess Ullanoth of Moss, have hatched a plan to reunite the warring kingdoms of High Blenholm under one supreme rule, in the first volume of the Boreal Moon Tale series. Reprint."
"9780671042851 The acclaimed #1 New York Times and undisputed King of Horror Stephen King offers a frightening suspense novel about a young girl who becomes lost in the woods as night falls. On a six-mile hike on the Maine-New Hampshire branch of the Appalachian Trail, nine-year-old Trisha McFarland quickly tires of the constant bickering between her older brother, Pete, and her recently divorced mother. But when she wanders off by herself, and then tries to catch up by attempting a shortcut, she becomes lost in a wilderness maze full of peril and terror. As night falls, Trisha has only her ingenuity as a defense against the elements, and only her courage and faith to withstand her mounting fears. For solace she tunes her Walkman to broadcasts of Boston Red Sox baseball games and follows the gritty performances of her hero, relief pitcher Tom Gordon. And when her radio’s reception begins to fade, Trisha imagines that Tom Gordon is with her—protecting her from an all-too-real enemy who has left a trail of slaughtered animals and mangled trees in the dense, dark woods…"
"9780756402211 A former captain in the Army of Karse, Herald Alberich must protect King Sendar's daughter, Selenay, the new queen of Valdemar, from the devious members of the Valdemaran Council who unleash a campaign to strip her of her power. Reprint."
"9780425206867 While trying to prove her innocence in the murder of her landlord, Lily Bard, karate student and cleaning service proprietor, finds plenty of skeletons in the closets of Shakespeare, Arkansas. Reprint."
"9780375415036 Presents a collection of essays from George Orwell, including his discussion of pacifism, ""My Country Right or Left,"" his scathingly complicated views on the dirty work of imperialism in ""Shooting an Elephant,"" and his very firm opinion on how to make ""ANice Cup of Tea."""
"9780743491594 An anthology of short fiction includes ""The Christmas Present,"" a holiday tale featuring Lincoln Rhyme, as well as ""Gone Fishing,"" ""Triangle,"" ""The Kneeling Soldier,"" and ""Without Jonathan."""
"9780140137002 An enthralling account of day-to-day life in a medieval French village. Using records gathered by the Catholic Church in its pursuit of heretics, the book recreates the lives of a rich cast of village characters."
9780805390452 This revised edition of Feynman's legendary lectures includes extensive corrections Feynman and his colleagues received and Caltech approved. This boxed set provides Volumes 1-3 together with Feynman's Tips on Physics making this the complete and definitive set of The Feynman Lectures on Physics.
"9781401210014 Exiled from their homelands by an evil adversary, various fairy tale and folklore characters, referred to as ""Fables"", are forced to live in a clandestine community in New York City known as Fabletown. Those unable to blend in with human society (such as monsters and anthropomorphic animals) live at ""The Farm"" in upstate New York."
"9781892284730 ""Seth and Peyton were best friends, bandmates, and rivals. The success that lifted their four-man band from Leyborough, England changed the world and very nearly shattered their minds along the way. At first it was one big part. Then it all went terribly wrong and then, somehow, incredibly right.""--Jacket."
"9780670910618 Billy O'Shannessy, once a prominent barrister, is now on the street where he sleeps on a bench outside the State Library. Above him on the window sill rests a bronze statue of Matthew Flinders' cat, Trim. Ryan is a ten-year-old, a near street kid heading for all the usual trouble. The two meet and form an unlikely friendship."
"9788122200850 This book is the story of a young girl obsessed by a childhood prophecy of disaster. The author builds up an atmosphere of tension and oppression, in the middle of an Indian summer."
"9780618111206 With powerful and rare photos by a former photographer for the National Geographic Society, ""Once a Wolf"" explores the long-troubled relationship of humans and wolves. The book traces the persecution of the wolf throughout history and also reveals the role scientists have played in wolf preservation. Full color."
"9781903015070 With Noah the boa using his coils to work the doughnut machine and with the three giraffes tangled upon the spiral stair, Mortimer's first night in a zoo was one to be remembered for a long, long time."
"9780786928576 As the evil dragon overlords lay waste to once fertile lands, temperate islands, and cool forests, and Dark Knights, draconians, and other foul creatures flock to join the armies of darkness, a small band of heroes struggles to protect all humankind from slavery and cruel death. Reprint."
"9780865471184 Describes growing up in an Africa that no longer exists, training and breeding race horses, flying mail to Sudan, and being the first woman to fly the Atlantic, east to west"
"9780752858654 In Washington, word is received that an elite member of Nazi High Command is willing to defect and divulge information that will shorten the war. But his defection entails the release of the ultra top-secret file on the Scarlatti Inheritance - a file whose contents will destroy many of the Western world's greatest and most illustrious reputations if they are made known..."
"9781416520399 What's a girl to do when she discovers she's the main course on the menu? Hip, funny Milagro de los Santos thinks she's finally found love and a home at the California ranch of fabulous Oswald Grant and his urbane relatives, who have a rare genetic disorder that some call vampirism. But Milagro is bewildered when she's excluded from an ancient and mysterious midnight ceremony whose participants include Oswald's unfriendly parents, a creepy family elder, and Milagro's ex-lover, the powerful and decadent Ian Ducharme. What skeletons are the vampires keeping in their designer closets? When Milagro's life is threatened by a rogue family member, she flees to the desert to hide. Instead of solitude, she encounters an egomaniacal actor, a partying heiress, a sly tabloid reporter, and a lavish spa full of dark secrets -- all of which might help her find a way home."
"9781859848982 The political tract in which Marx presented the core of his philosophy and revolutionary program, with an introduction analyzing its significance to the realities of today and to Marx's own times"
"9780450040184 Danny is only five years old, but he is a 'shiner', aglow with psychic voltage. When his father becomes caretaker of an old hotel, his visions grow out of control. Cut off by blizzards, the hotel seems to develop an evil force, and who are the mysterious guests in the supposedly empty hotel?"
"9780312088477 Brian Aldiss William Gibson R.A. Lafferty Ursula K. Le Guin Lucius Shepard Bruce Sterling Theodore Sturgeon Howard Waldrop Connie Willis Gene Wolfe Roger Zelazny ""The best stories are timeless. Long years from now the stories here may still touch someone, cause that person to blink, and put the book down for a second, and stare off through the hallow air, and shirver in wonder."""
"9780374131944 Follows the Kansas City Central High School's debate squad through its 2002 season, which ended with a top-ten finish at the national championships, in this riveting and poignant story of four debaters and their coach at an inner-city school."
"9780060973339 A brilliant and insightful work that examines the insecurities of the middle class in an attempt to explain its turn to the right during the past two decades, ""Fear of Falling"" traces the myths about the middle class to their roots in the ambitions and anxieties that torment the group and that have led to its retreat from a responsible leadership role."
"9780226329659 Winner of the 2005 Harold Morton Landon Translation Award from the Academy of American Poets. In Works of Hesiod and the Homeric Hymns, highly acclaimed poet and translator Daryl Hine brings to life the words of Hesiod and the world of Archaic Greece. While most available versions of these early Greek writings are rendered in prose, Hine's illuminating translations represent these early classics as they originally appeared, in verse. Since prose was not invented as a literary medium until well after Hesiod's time, presenting these works as poems more closely approximates not only the mechanics but also the melody of the originals. This volume includes Hesiod's Works and Days and Theogony, two of the oldest non-Homeric poems to survive from antiquity. Works and Days is in part a farmer's almanac—filled with cautionary tales and advice for managing harvests and maintaining a good work ethic—and Theogony is the earliest comprehensive account of classical mythology—including the names and genealogies of the gods (and giants and monsters) of Olympus, the sea, and the underworld. Hine brings out Hesiod's unmistakable personality; Hesiod's tales of his escapades and his gritty and persuasive voice not only give us a sense of the author's own character but also offer up a rare glimpse of the everyday life of ordinary people in the eighth century BCE. In contrast, the Homeric Hymns are more distant in that they depict aristocratic life in a polished tone that reveals nothing of the narrators' personalities. These hymns (so named because they address the deities in short invocations at the beginning and end of each) are some of the earliest examples of epyllia, or short stories in the epic manner in Greek. This volume unites Hine's skillful translations of the Works of Hesiod and the Homeric Hymns—along with Hine's rendering of the mock-Homeric epic The Battle of the Frogs and the Mice—in a stunning pairing of these masterful classics."
"9780688171629 In these nineteen whip-smart essays, Jon Stewart takes on politics, religion, and celebrity with a seethingly irreverent wit, a brilliantsense of timming, and a palate for the obsurd -- and these one-of-a-kind forays into his hilarious world will expose you to all its wickedly naked truths. He's the MTV generation's master of modern humor, a star of film, TV, and the comedy stage. This sultan of savvy serves up a whip-smart, utterly original collection of comic essays in Naked Pictures of Famous People. And as of January 11, 1999, you can enjoy the intelligence and self-deprecating charm he brings to contemporary comedy on Comedy Central's ""The Daily Show."" In his first book, he translates that unique talent to the page, with humorous forays into a vast array of subjects: fashion, urban life, fast cars, cocktail culture, modern Jewishness, politics, and dating. A seethingly irreverent wit, Stewart has a genius for language and brilliant timing that makes his up-to-the-minute collection a must-have for humor lovers in search of a Woody Allen for the 90s.He's the MTV generation's master of modern humor, a star of film, TV, and the comedy stage. This sultan of savvy serves up a whip-smart, utterly original collection of comic essays in Naked Pictures of Famous People. And as of January 11, 1999, you can enjoy the intelligence and self-deprecating charm he brings to contemporary comedy on Comedy Central's ""The Daily Show."" In his first book, he translates that unique talent to the page, with humorous forays into a vast array of subjects: fashion, urban life, fast cars, cocktail culture, modern Jewishness, politics, and dating. A seethingly irreverent wit, Stewart has a genius for language and brilliant timing that makes his up-to-the-minute collection a must-have for humor lovers in search of a Woody Allen for the 90s."
"9781844350483 Doctor Who Short Trips is a series of themed short story anthologies of new Doctor Who fiction, featuring the Doctor in all of his first eight incarnations. They feature stories written by some of the leading names in Doctor Who, past and present, including Paul Cornell, Gareth Roberts, Christopher H. Bidmead, and Paul Magrs. Repercussions features 16 tales set on a strange airship taking its passengers on a trip to who-knows-where. Among the people aboard is young adventuress Charley Pollard, just a few weeks into her life aboard the TARDIS alongside the Eighth Doctor, a man whose past she knows frighteningly little about. She encounters a diplomat trying to stop a war, a young man seemingly murdered by the Doctor, a tramp, a seismologist, and a republican trying to save the life of his plague-stricken daughter. One thing they all have in common: an encounter with a strange alien visitor who seemed to help them, but perhaps should have left them alone."
"9780679854340 During World War II in England, three motherless children, whose father is reported missing in action, go to live with their grandmother in London and join the members of their talented theatrical family in a school for stage training."
"9780671025700 In this city, you can get anything done for a price. If you want someone's eyeglasses smashed, it'll cost you a subway token. You want his fingernails pulled out? His legs broken? You want him hurt so bad he's an invalid his whole life? You want him...killed? Let me talk to someone. It can be done. The hanging death of a nondescript old man in a shabby little apartment in a meager section of the 87th Precinct is nothing much in this city, especially to detectives Carella and Meyer. But everyone has a story, and this old man's story stood to make some people a lot of money. His story takes Carella, Meyer, Brown, and Weeks on a search through Isola's seedy strip clubs and to the bright lights of the theater district. There they discover an upcoming musical with ties to a mysterious drug -- and a killer who stays until the last dance."
"9780470008294 Explains Austen's methods, motivations, and morals The fun and easy way(r) to understand and enjoy Jane Austen Want to know more about Jane Austen? This friendly guide gives the scoop on her life, works, and lasting impact on our culture. It chronicles the events of her brief life, examines each of her novels, and looks at why her stories - of women and marriage, class and money, scandal and hypocrisy, emotion and satire - still have meaning for us today. Discover * Why Austen is so popular * The impact on manners, courtships, and dating * Love and life in Austen's world * Her life and key influences * Her most memorable characters"
"9780312263102 When Sarah Parrish journeys to Gulmarg, a vacation ski resort in the mountains above the valley of Kashmir, she finds herself embroiled in danger, intrigue, and multiple murder. Reprint. 10,000 first printing."
"9780140280463 Strange things happen in the love lives of two women--one a Japanese-American filmmaker from New York, the other a Japanese housewife--linked by a Japanese television show sponsored by an American meat exporter. A first novel. Reprint. Tour."
"9780380789832 The demon is no more. The enemy has been routed. But all is not well . . . Winter's icy grasp is loosening on the world. The Emerald Queen's vanquished army has its broken back to the Bitter Sea. And treachery is its only recourse. A lackey has declared himself Lord of the defeated, amassing the still fearsome remnants of a ruthless fighting force together for one final assault on a weakened, vulnerable realm. For the warriors who remained steadfast against terrible numbers, for the courageous souls who barely survived a devastating onslaught upon their homeland, the time to rebuild and renew has not yet come. The war is not over in Midkemia. And Jimmy and Dash—two young noble brothers who stand at the center of a gathering storm—are impelled to action that could secure a tenuous peace . . . or turn triumph into catastrophe. The demon is no more. The enemy has been routed. But all is not well . . ."
"9780679781493 Set in Los Angeles in the early 1980s, a best-selling novel follows a cast of upper-class, good-looking, oversexed, drug-addled, thrill-seeking, college-age characters on the road to perdition. Reprint. 17,500 first printing."
"9780345435774 With Grianne Ohmsford, the rightful High Druid of Shannara, imprisoned in the Forbidding by Dark Magic, her enemies seize control of the Druid Council and embark on a war against the Free-born, as Grianne's young nephew, Pen Ohmsford, sets out on a desperate quest to find the mystical Tanequil, a sentient tree whose magic could free Grianne. Reprint. 100,000 first printing."
"9780312203030 New Jersey bounty hunter Stephanie Plum struggles to make ends meet while coping with a missing Uncle Fred, homicidal rapist and stalker Benito Ramirez, amorous vice cop Joe Morelli, and would-be lover Roger"
"9780060974992 National Book Award-winning author Jonathan Kozol presents his shocking account of the American educational system in this stunning New York Times bestseller, which has sold more than 250,000 hardcover copies."
"9780140430363 Walpole's The Castle of Otranto, Beckford's Vathek, and Shelley's Frankenstein The Gothic novel, which flourished from about 1765 until 1825, revels in the horrible and the supernatural, in suspense and exotic settings. This volume, with its erudite introduction by Mario Praz, presents three of the most celebrated Gothic novels: The Castle of Otranto, published pseudonymously in 1765, is one of the first of the genre and the most truly Gothic of the three. Vathek (1786), an oriental tale by an eccentric millionaire, exotically combines Gothic romanticism with the vivacity of The Arabian Nights and is a narrative tour de force. The story of Frankenstein (1818) and the monster he created is as spine-chilling today as it ever was; as in all Gothic novels, horror is the keynote. For more than seventy years, Penguin has been the leading publisher of classic literature in the English-speaking world. With more than 1,700 titles, Penguin Classics represents a global bookshelf of the best works throughout history and across genres and disciplines. Readers trust the series to provide authoritative texts enhanced by introductions and notes by distinguished scholars and contemporary authors, as well as up-to-date translations by award-winning translators."
"9780679776314 Presents an overview of the physical laws of the universe, with an explanation of the theories of relativity and quantum mechanics, cosmology, the Big Bang, black holes, and string and M theory."
"9780156027595 Trurl and Klaupacius are constructor robots who try to out-invent each other. They travel to the far corners of the cosmos to take on freelance problem-solving jobs, with dire consequences for their employers. “The most completely successful of his books... here Lem comes closest to inventing a real universe” (Boston Globe). Illustrations by Daniel Mr—z. Translated by Michael Kandel."
"9780446608473 This novel focuses on two outcasts on two journeys in two eras. In 1689 England, Lady Eliza Grey's 11 brothers are turned into swans. Rejected by her father, Eliza is flown to America by her brothers where she has a chance to save them--until she is accused of witchcraft. In the second story, set in 1981 New York, Elias Latham has AIDS, is banished from his father's house, and must learn to live on the streets. Like Eliza, Elias struggles to understand the suffering he must endure."
"9780300095241 The author argues that certain aspects of the American Constitution are deeply flawed and detract from a purely democratic society and includes discussions on the electoral college, the Federalist Papers, and proportional representation."
9780439420068 A group of babies enjoys some favorite foods--along with making as big as mess on their faces as possible while they eat. On board pages.
"9781590170311 Seated in a Paris café, a man glimpses another man, a shadowy figure hurrying for the train: Who is he? he wonders, How does he live? And instantly the shadow comes to life, precipitating a series of comic run-ins among a range of disreputable and heartwarming characters living on the sleazy outskirts of the city of lights. Witch Grass (previously titled The Bark Tree) is a philosophical farce, an epic comedy, a mesmerizing book about the daily grind that is an enchantment itself."
"9780425212011 A collection of short fiction features ""The Girl Who Was Infatuated with Death,"" an Anita Blake, Vampire Hunter story, as well as ""House of Wizards,"" ""Stealing Souls,"" and ""Those Who Seek Forgiveness,"" a never-before-published Anita Blake tale."
"9780811213462 One of the late Shusaku Endo's finest works, The Samurai tells of the journey of some of the first Japanese to set foot on European soil and the resulting clash of cultures and politics."
"9780440220459 Investigating the killing of a burned-out tennis star, sports agent Myron Bolitar uncovers a connection between the victim and a rising star from the wrong side of the tracks, while a corrupt senator and organized crime watch his every move. Reissue."
"9780872205543 This third edition of 'The Trial and Death of Socrates' presents G. M. A. Grube's distinguished translations, as revised by John Cooper for 'Plato, Complete Works'. A number of new or expanded footnotes are also included along with a Select Bibliography. John M. Cooper is Stuart Professor of Philosophy, Princeton University."
"9780747553663 Since Christopher Ransom has been living in Kyoto, the ancient capital of Japan, he has devoted himself to the study of karate. He doesn't just want to be good, he wants to be transformed. Two years after a lapse in his scruples drew him into crisis on the Khyber Pass, it is through karate that Ransom has regained some control, beginning to subsume his disillusionment and assuage his guilt. But soon he finds himself threatened by everything he thought he had left behind -- a sequence of bizarre events whose consequences he cannot escape."
"9780930588793 Miller's masterful book, based on his years during the 1850s among the mining towns and Indian camps of northern California, is an account of epic sweep, with a grandeur and tone never before heard in the literature of the West."
"9781593076276 Luke Skywalker confronts the legacy of the Jedi father he never knew in an epic story involving Princess Leia, Darth Vader, and the fate of an entire planet! When Luke and Leia travel to Jabiim recruiting allies for the fledgling Rebellion, they unwittingly set into motion events that will ignite one man's betrayal of his people, pit rebel hero against rebel hero, and attract the attention of the Empire's deadliest enforcer-Darth Vader! • This action-packed tale sheds new light on Anakin Skywalker's actions at the Battle of Jabiim during the Clone Wars."
"9780345458940 Returning from Paris to discover a murder victim in her driveway, Boston medical examiner Maura Isles is shocked to discover that the victim looks exactly like her and is a twin sister she never knew, a situation that prompts the doctor to investigate her true identity and come to terms with a convict biological mother. Reprint."
"9781416532811 FREEDOM AND JUSTICE -- AMERICAN STYLE 1632 And in northern Germany things couldn't get much worse. Famine. Disease. Religious war laying waste the cities. Only the aristocrats remained relatively unscathed; for the peasants, death was a mercy. 2000 Things are going OK in Grantville, West Virginia, and everybody attending the wedding of Mike Stearn's sister (including the entire local chapter of the United Mine Workers of America, which Mike leads) is having a good time. THEN, EVERYTHING CHANGED.... When the dust settles, Mike leads a group of armed miners to find out what happened and finds the road into town is cut, as with a sword. On the other side, a scene out of Hell: a man nailed to a farmhouse door, his wife and daughter attacked by men in steel vests. Faced with this, Mike and his friends don't have to ask who to shoot. At that moment Freedom and Justice, American style, are introduced to the middle of the Thirty Years' War."
"9780750937252 Having settled in Malta after the end of World War 2, Ernle Bradford decided to trace the route of Ulysses. This book is a journal of his travels, describing both the amazing sights and the pitfalls that befell Homer's character."
"9780760329634 Here are the simple farm machines, the trusty green two-cylinder tractors that pulled agriculture from horses to horsepower. Compiled by the historian chosen by Deere & Company to write its story, this encyclopedia unfolds the full model-by-model history of the worlds most popular tractor--from the first one produced in 1914 to the last in 1960. Brochures and toys, archival photographs and new color images lovingly depict every facet of these sturdy machines. Entries profile the model variations and specs, the options and historical features of the John Deere two-cylinder tractor through the decades, a classic sight on the American horizon."
"9780199267170 Presents the works of William Shakespeare, along with an analysis of the nature and authority of the early documents, a list of the canon and chronological order of composition, an essay on Shakespeare's language, and a bibliography."
"9781562802349 Tall, athletic Joanna Kingston has a roguish way about her that draws women like a magnet. Yet, as too many lovers have discovered too late, though Joanna's bedroom door is always open, she keeps her wounded heart under lock and key."
"9780520246331 This comprehensive and authoritative review of the distribution and conservation status of Great Apes includes individual country profiles for each species and overview chapters on ape biology, ecology, and conservation challenges."
"9780810935204 Lewis Carroll's classic and inventive verse comes to life in a series of ingenious dioramas, colorful three-dimensional renderings of the rhyme by the best-selling author-illustrator of Animalia and The Eleventh Hour."
"9780743456814 A fan's resource for the award-winning cable television program features information about the show's actors, producers, costume designers, and sets, and provides summaries of each season and interviews with the cast."
"9780671447540 Examines the life of Theodore Roosevelt from age ten to twenty-seven, focusing on the influence of his family relationships and experiences on his growth to manhood"
9780553375930 The members of the Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants graduate from high school and spend their last summer before college learning about life and themselves. Includes readers' guide with discussion questions and an interview with the author.
"9780142300701 During the recession of 1937, fifteen-year-old Mary Alice is sent to live with her feisty, larger-than-life grandmother in rural Illinois and comes to a better understanding of this fearsome woman. A Newbery Medal Winner & ALA Notable Book. Reprint."
"9780679735779 Patrick Bateman is twenty-six and works on Wall Street; he is handsome, sophisticated, charming and intelligent. He is also a psychopath. American Psycho is a bleak, bitter, black comedy about a world we all recognize but do not wish to face and it takes us to a head-on collision with America's greatest dream - and its worst nightmare."
"9780192837684 The Eclogues, ten short pastoral poems, were composed between approximately 42 and 39 BC, during the time of the 'Second' Triumvirate of Lepidus, Anthony, and Octavian. In them Virgil subtly blended an idealized Arcadia with contemporary history. To his Greek model - the Idylls of Theocritus - he added a strong element of Italian realism: places and people, real or disguised, and contemporary events are introduced. The Eclogues display all Virgil's art and charm and are among his mostdelightful achievements. Between approximately 39 and 29 BC, years of civil strife between Antony, and Octavian, Virgil was engaged upon the Georgics. Part agricultural manual, full of observations of animals and nature, they deal with the farmer's life and give it powerful allegorical meaning. These four books contain some of Virgil's finest descriptive writing and are generally held to be his greatest and most entertaining work, and C. Day Lewis's lyrical translations are classics in theirown right."
"9780446579780 In this incredibly timely book,renowned economist Stephen Leeb shows how surging oilprices will contribute to a huge economic collapse bysoaring to over $100, and perhaps $200, a barrel- andtells how you can avoid the pitfalls of the upcomingcrisis."
"9780618391103 Includes four posters depicting Tolkien's world of Middle-Earth with maps from The Hobbit, Beleriand, and Numenor, accompanied by a manual describing the signicance of geographical evolution in the author's works."
"9780393963045 This synthesis of Europe's Renaissance and Reformation periods thematically traces the transition from the medieval to the modern. The major themes of the book include technological breakthroughs and their social and economic consequences, the connections between the discovery of new lands and the recovery of ancient learning, Europe's economic expansion, humanist culture, the formation of the early modern state, and reform and revolution in the Church."
"9780689868016 In a future society that has decided it would ""rather be safe than free,"" sixteen-year-old Bo's anger control problems land him in a tundra jail where he survives with the help of his running skills and an artificial intelligence program named Bork."
"9780553345841 Brilliant, shattering, mind-jolting, ""The Mind's I"" is a searching, probing nook--a cosmic journey of the mind--that goes deeply into the problem of self and self-consciousness as anything written in our time. From verbalizing chimpanzees to scientific speculations involving machines with souls, from the mesmerizing, maze-like fiction of Borges to the tantalizing, dreamlike fiction of Lem and Princess Ineffable, her circuits glowing read and gold, ""The Mind's I "" opens the mind to the Black Box of fantasy, to the windfalls of reflection, to new dimensions of exciting possibilities."
"9780765310453 Art, a member of the Eastern Standard Tribe--a secret society bound together by their sleep schedule and communicating via encrypted instant messaging--is incarcerated thanks to his friends and family, masquerading as consultants."
"9780373632442 Remo, now the Reigning Master of Sinanju, must rid the world of the best assassins, proving that the Sinanju is the best strategic weapon around, but an evil enemy, bent on revenge, waits in the shadows to fulfill a prophecy of destruction that involves the death of the Destroyer. Original."
"9780521479349 The sexy, witty and often bizarre novels, poetry and dialogues of the first centuries of this era (works such as Longus' Daphnis and Chloe, Achilles Tatius' Leukippe and Cleitophon and Plutarch's Amatorius) were being composed at the same time as fundamental ideas about the body, gender and sexuality were being set in place with the rise of Christianity and the Church to dominate the pagan world. Modern writers on the history of sexuality have largely ignored this literature in favour of prose treatises, philosophy and Christian homilies. Simon Goldhill, writing with the same wit and verve as the ancient writers with whom he engages, sets out to put these texts back into the history of sexuality. The result is a dazzling celebration of sex and sexuality in the Greek literature of the first centuries CE."
"9780807615324 The influence of Einstein's contributions on so many branches of physics is such that if one wanted to describe its full extent, it would be hard to know where to begin. His work and discoveries are so fundamental that each achievement alone would have gu"
"9780671553029 Medical resident Dr. Abby Matteo is elated when the elite cardiac transplant team at Boston's Bayside Hospital taps her as a potential recruit. But faced with a tormenting life-and-death decision, Abby helps direct a crash victim's harvested heart to a dying teenager -- instead of the wealthy older woman who was supposed to receive it. The repercussions leave Abby shaken and plagued with self-doubt. Suddenly, a new heart appears, and the woman's transplant is completed. Then Abby makes a terrible discovery. The donor records have been falsified -- the new heart has not come through the proper channels. Defying the hospital's demands for silence, she begins her own investigation that reveals a murderous, unthinkable conspiracy. Every move Abby makes spawns a vicious backlash...and on a ship anchored in the waters of Boston harbor, the grisly truth lies waiting."
9781741140378 Jodi Picoult explores the complex choices of the heart for a young Amish woman - and the compelling journey of discovery for an urban lawyer who befriends and protects her.
"9780060593247 Inspired by a landmark exhibition mounted by the British Museum in 1963 to celebrate five eventful centuries of the printed word, Nicholas A. Basbanes offers a lively consideration of writings that have ""made things happen"" in the world, works that have both nudged the course of history and fired the imagination of countless influential people. In his fifth work to examine a specific aspect of book culture, Basbanes also asks what we can know about such figures as John Milton, Edward Gibbon, John Locke, Isaac Newton, Samuel Taylor Coleridge, John Adams, Frederick Douglass, Abraham Lincoln, Henry James, Thomas Edison, Helen Keller––even the notorious Marquis de Sade and Adolf Hitler––by knowing what they have read. He shows how books that many of these people have consulted, in some cases annotated with their marginal notes, can offer tantalizing clues to the evolution of their character and the development of their thought."
"9780380815692 Maggie Quinn thinks she has room in her head for only the helpless orphans in her care -- until Gordon Kincaid walks into St. Columba's. A proud Southern gentleman damaged by the Civil War, he has come to Baltimore to find the daughter he never knew -- a beautiful child who is one of Maggie's favorites -- and bring her home to Virginia. And when he asks Maggie to accompany them, all she can say is ""yes."" Widowed and wounded inside, Gordon turns to the emerald-eyed Irish beauty to help him pick up the pieces. Though he senses her distrust he is drawn to Maggie's angelic voice, her sensuality and passion...and to a tenderness that compels him to share with her his soul. But the scars of war go deep. And it will take uncommon strength for two people who stood on opposite sides to find redemption and a new life in love."
"9781401212636 A story featuring the Man of Steel being pursued by an alien race collecting Earth's most unique specimens is accompanied by additional stories with such characters as Nightwing, Firestorm, Deadman, Aquaman, and the Metal Men."
"9780425209424 Bitten by a vampire after being mistaken for her Goth twin sister, Rayne, sixteen-year-old Sunny is in a race against time as she tries to prevent herself from becoming a vampire permanently."
"9781565482012 In 1990, New City Press, in conjunction with the Augustinian Heritage Institute, began the project knows as: The Works of Saint Augustine, A Translation for the 21st Century. The plan is to translate and publish all 132 works of Saint Augustine, his entire corpus into modern English. This represents the first time in which The Works of Saint Augustine will all be translated into English. Many existing translations were often archaic or faulty, and the scholarship was outdated. New City Press is proud to offer the best modern translations available. The Works of Saint Augustine, A Translation for the 21st Century will be translated into 49 published books. To date, 41 books have been published by NCP containing 93 of The Works of Saint Augustine, A Translation for the 21st Century. Augustine's writings are useful to anyone interested in patristics, church history, theology and Western civilization. -- Publisher."
"9780060761530 The Essentials Explained Master storyteller and essayist C. S. Lewis here tackles the central questions of the Christian faith: Who was Jesus? What did he accomplish? What does it mean for me? In these classic essays, which began as talks on the BBC during World War II, Lewis creatively and simply explains the basic tenets of Christianity. Taken from the core section of Mere Christianity, the selection in this gift edition provides an accessible way for more people to discover these timeless truths. For those looking to remind themselves of the things they hold true, or those looking for a snapshot of Christianity, this book is a wonderful introduction to the faith."
"9781563895166 This book is a sword and sorcery tale that expands upon the universe of the Eternal Champion made famous through novels and short stories. In a world of alternate universes and realities in which time and space often converge, the Eternal Champion is cursed to live multiple lives of eternal reincarnation. Caught in the war between the forces of Law and Chaos, his allegiance often changes as he fights for the preservation of balance. In three separate but intertwining tales of heroic fantasy, the Eternal Champion takes on the form of an enigmatic woman, a time-traveling detective, and an albino sorcerer as he searches for the elusive Silverskin and the secret which could end his cosmic battle forever."
"9781586170264 Details the life of Oscar Wilde, including his work as an author, his fascination with Catholicism, and his time in prison for a homosexual affair."
"9780345323903 Willie Whitehorse could have been just another boozed-up guitarist, if it hadn't been for his songs. Somehow they were different -- they reached out and grabbed people's souls. Now agent Sam Parker wanted a piece of the action. But when he had it, Sam knew he'd made a terrible mistake...a mistake it was much too late to correct... With Friends Like These... The aliens had returned to Earth after centuries because they needed allies. But after hundreds of years, they had no idea what they would be getting the universe into...and they soon found out! Dream Done Green Pericles was a poet and a genius, who also happened to be a horse! Why Johnny Can't Speed A father could teach his son a lot of important things, but combat on the freeways wasn't one of them...not when the kid was eighteen and too full of himself to survive. But revenge did have its compensations!"
"9780140447897 A new translation in hexameter verse of Ovid's narrative poem embraces more than two hundred mythical tales linked by the theme of transformation, incorporating many famed myths and legends of ancient Greece and Rome."
"9780425181102 A tale of an abandoned town and the unimaginable truth behind its silence... Now with a new afterword, Dean Koontz explains the impact Phantoms had on his career."
"9780553804935 In eighteenth-century England, Lia, the daughter of the leader of the drakon tribe whose members can transform from human to dragon, uses her own talents to locate a powerful diamond, a gem that could allow a human to control the drakon."
"9780553380163 An anniversary edition of a now-classic survey of the origin and nature of the universe features a new introduction by the author and a new chapter on the possibility of time travel and ""wormholes"" in space"
"9780451530158 Follows rebellious artist Stephen Dedalus from his days as a young student to the deep religious conflict he experiences at a day school in Dublin, to his college years, during which he challenges the conventions of his upbringing."
"9780285633148 For centuries, into our time, people have sought to discover the truth of the ancient legend of a hidden subterranean kingdom linked to every continent by a vast network of tunnels and passageways. The people who inhabit this utopia are said to have lived in seclusion for untold aeons, guarding the secret Vril Power by which man and nature can be controlled. This remarkable book records the findings of the many explorers who have sought to learn the truth and attempts to trace the course of the tunnels leading to Agharti."
"9780380713813 Bill Bryson, who gave glorious voice to The Mother Tongue, now celebrates her magnificent offspring in the book that reveals once and for all how a dusty western hamlet with neither woods nor holly came to be known as Hollywood...and exactly why Mr. Yankee Doodle call his befeathered cap ""Macaroni."""
"9780142403204 Sixteen original stories showcase some of the genre's most admired authors, including multiple award-winners Diana Wynne Jones, Garth Nix, Lloyd Alexander, Nancy Farmer, and Meredith Ann Pierce. An ALA Best Book for Young Adults. Reprint."
"9780892967896 Hamish Macbeth is on the trail of a killer with a penchant for poison in this novel of murder in the Scottish Highlands. When Effie Garrand is found poisoned by hemlock, it's up to Macbeth to find her killer before more nightmares unfold."
"9780140271799 RACHEL'S HOLIDAY, Marian's classic novel about addiction, is being given a new lease of life with a fantastic new jacket treatment. Here's Rachel Walsh, twenty-seven and the miserable owner of size 8 feet. She has regular congress with Luke Costello, a man who wears his leather trousers tight. And she's fond - some might say too fond - of recreational drugs. Until she finds herself being frogmarched to the Cloisters - Dublin's answer to the Betty Ford Clinic. She's outraged. Surely she's not thin enough to be an addict? Heartsick and Luke-sick, she seeks redemption in the shape of Chris, a Man with a Past. A man who might be more trouble than he's worth."
"9780899421698 For the first time, Wills's translation of the entire Confessions work by Saint Augustine has been compiled into one edition. Removed by time and place but not spiritual relevance, this text continues to influence contemporary religion, language and thought."
"9780786500734 Honoring a deathbed promise to become guardian to his best friend's daughter and find a wife, Lee arranges his marriage to Mary, a part-Cherokee schoolteacher who cannot deny her attraction to her husband of convenience. Original."
"9780821221860 Ansel Adams (1902-1984) produced some of the 20th century's most iconic photographic images and helped nurture the art of photography through his creative innovations and peerless technical mastery. The Negative--the second volume in Adams' celebrated series of books on photographic techniques--has taught generations of photographers how to use film and the film development process creatively. Examples of Adams' own work clarify the principles discussed. This classic handbook distills the knowledge gained through a lifetime in photography and remains as vital today as when it was first published. Anchored by a detailed discussion of Adams' Zone System and his seminal concept of visualization, The Negative covers artificial and natural light, film and exposure, and darkroom equipment and techniques. Beautifully illustrated with photographs as well as instructive line drawings, this classic manual can dramatically improve your photography. ""Adams is a clear-thinking writer whose concepts cannot but help the serious photographer."" - New York Times ""A master-class kind of guide from an undisputed master."" - Publishers Weekly Over 1 million copies sold."
"9780140154078 An ""exceptional"" (Los Angeles Times) tale of fate, loyalty, responsibility, and the real meaning of freedom, from the author of the forthcoming 4 3 2 1: A Novel A finalist for the PEN/Faulkner Award This ""rich and dazzling"" (Wall Street Journal) novel follows Jim Nashe who, after squandering an unexpected inheritance, picks up a young gambler named Jack Pozzi hoping to con two millionaires. But when their plans backfire, Jim and Jack are indentured by their elusive marks and are forced to build a meaningless wall with bricks gathered from ruins of an Irish castle. Time passes, their debts mount, and anger builds as the two struggle to dig themselves out of their Kafkaesque serfdom. New York Times-bestselling author Paul Auster (The New York Trilogy) brings us back into his strange, shape-shifting world of fiendish bargains and punitive whims, where chance is a powerful yet unpredictable force."
"9780441012527 An unidentified artifact, found seven miles below the surface of the sea, stumps the scientists examining it but calls out to the two immortal creatures who have wandered the Earth for centuries, never crossing paths until now. Reprint."
"9781563891892 The psychological thriller 'The mystery play' illustrates the devastating power of fear and accusations as a small-town community is ripped apart from within. When the actor portraying Satan is accused of brutally murdering the actor playing God in a Renaissance festival, a rural English village teeters on the edge of self-destruction. Looking to save the town from itself, a mysterious detective arrives and begins to piece together the clues of the slaying. But even if the enigmatic stranger can solve the disturbing mystery, the revelation of his true identity and past may still lead to the fiery end of the village."
"9780312155858 A fictional portrait of the life of Mary Queen of Scots begins with the Catholic princess in 1542, only six days old, being crowned as the Queen of the Scots, and continues with her crowning as Queen of France and subsequent downfall. Reprint. 25,000 first printing."
"9780156001458 Paulsen and his team of dogs endured snowstorms, frostbite, dogfights, moose attacks, sleeplessness, and hallucinations in the relentless push to go on. Map and color photographs."
"9780743467544 After seven years trapped in the Delta Quadrant, Admiral Kathryn Janeway and the crew of Voyager miraculously find their way home, where they find new opportunities, adventures, and reunions with loved ones, until a mysterious cybernetic plague strikes Earth, transforming humans into a new generation of Borg. Original."
"9781400077090 The editor of The Review of Applied Ethics and an irrepressibly curious lover of puzzles, Isabel Dalhousie decides to investigate when she witnesses the fatal fall of a young man and discovers that he had been probing misdeeds at his brokerage firm, in the first in a new series by the creator of The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency. Reader's Guide available. Reprint. 300,000 first printing."
"9781932416374 A novel set in the seaside village of Frip follows the adventures of a community plagued by ""gappers""--orange sea creatures that cover the village's goats and prevent them from giving milk."
"9780142403013 After dreaming that they must leave their isolated home of Riverworld, Kyreol and Terje travel beyond what they believe to be end of the world, where they discover new planets and new ways of life. Reissue."
9780760728505 Retells the adventures of a French professor and his two companions as they sail above and below the world's oceans as prisoners on the fabulous electric submarine of the deranged Captain Nemo.
"9780439194044 Readers take a step back in time to 16th-century France in this year-long diary of adolescent Mary, Queen of Scots, who has fled from homeland to the Court of her betrothed in France. Mary is only nine months old when she is crowned Queen of Scotland succeeding her father King James V. Because of political conflicts, she is forced to be separated from her mother and her country from the age of five. For the benefit of forging an alliance with France, the youngster is betrothed to Francis, the son of King Henry ll of France and his wife, the vicious and jealous Queen Catherine de Medici. Mary is sent to France to live in their care until she is old enough for the marriage to take place. It is at their home, the beautiful Chateau St. Germaine, that we first meet the irresistibly charming Mary at 11 years old. Keenly intelligent, she excels academically, and shows a talent for dance, music and poetry. She's an expert horsewoman, skilled at archery and hawking."
9780060747480 Vanessa March never thought to look for her missing husband in Vienna -- until she saw him in a newsreel shot there at the scene of a deadly fire. But her hunt for answers only leads to more sinister questions in a mysterious world of beautiful horses. And what waits for Vanessa in the shadows is more terrifying than anything she has ever encountered.
"9780060927196 In Sucess Stories, an exceptionally varied yet coherent collection, Russell Banks proves himself one of the most astute and forceful writers in America today. Queen for a Day, Success Story, and Adultery trace fortunes of the Painter family in there pursuit of and retreat from the American dream. Banks also explores the ethos of rampant materialism in a group of contemporary moral fables. The Fish is an evocating parable of faith and greed set in a Southeast Asian village, The Gully tells of the profitability of violence and the ironies of upward mobility in a Latin American shantytown, and Chrildren's Story explores the repressed rage that boils beneath the surface of relationships between parents and children and between citizens of the first and third worlds."
9780300090956 This is a selection of Leonardo da Vinci's writings on painting. Martin Kemp and Margaret Walker have edited material not only from his so-called Treatise on Painting but also from his surviving manuscripts and from other primary sources.
"9780451410542 Bidding on a rare diary, written during the French attempt to dig the Panama Canal, geologist Philip Mercer finds himself caught up in a complex Chinese plot to trigger a shift in the world's balance of power."
"9781400034413 A young Icelandic priest is sent to investigate the pastor at remote Snaefells Glacier and uncovers a mysterious and wild community full of phantasmagoria and eccentricity, in a provocative novel by the late Nobel laureate. Original. 10,000 first printing."
"9780312424916 When a twelve-year-old girl drowns in the Tamassee River and her body is trapped in a deep eddy, the people of the small South Carolina town that bears the river's name are thrown into the national spotlight. The girl's parents want to attempt a rescue of the body; environmentalists are convinced the rescue operation will cause permanent damage to the river and set a dangerous precedent. Torn between the two sides is Maggie Glenn, a twenty-eight-year-old newspaper photographer who grew up in the town and has been sent to document the incident. Since leaving home almost ten years ago, Maggie has done her best to avoid her father, but now, as the town's conflict opens old wounds, she finds herself revisiting the past she's fought so hard to leave behind."
"9780192854520 Very Short Introductions offer stimulating, accessible introductions to a wide variety of subjects, demonstrating the finest contemporary thinking about their central problems and issues.'magisterial and highly readable.' -Bookseller"
9780679722946 A woman reporter and a staff assistant to an American senator learn of an erotic film shot in Hitler's Berlin bunker which was to have been sold by a man found murdered and dressed as a woman in Manhattan
"9780373767618 Wealthy rancher Mitch Ramsey had never given much of a second look to his neighbor Emma Davis, until an unexpected encounter led to a night of unbridled passion. Mitch figured their affair could be a discreet diversion, one they had both gone into with eyes wide-open. Then Emma's father made him an offer he couldn't refuse. Marry Emma and Mitch would inherit what he had always coveted--the entire Davis ranch. But Emma was never to know... ."
9780679730613 An inside look at the multibillion-dollar music industry examines the business practices of the big record labels and includes profiles of the kingpins of the industry
"9781400054206 Argues that in spite of declarations from liberals that they are not religious, liberalism has its own set of beliefs that display many attributes commonly found in religion."
"9780375760846 A retrospective assessment of the Clinton presidency and its influence offers an illuminating analysis of the key personal, political, and policy decisions of the administration, assessing Bill Clinton's leadership style, his successes and failures, and the long-term implications of the Clinton presidency. Reprint. 40,000 first printing."
"9780061054907 A sexy new repackaging of the extremely popular anthology of vampire erotica, edited by acclaimed author Poppy Z. Brite. The classic horror tale is about fear. But in the last few years a new literature of the macabre has arisen, one that goes deeper than horror, beyond fear, to explore our darkest, most intimate hungers. The ones even lovers are forbidden to share. Acclaimed dark fantasy author Poppy Z. Brite has brought together this genre's most powerful and seductive authors in an original collection of vampiric erotica, a shameless celebration of unspeakable intimacies. It is not for everyone. But neither is the night."
"9780805077810 A comic odyssey of a hapless hero ensnared by globalization, humanitarian aid, and the international sex trade, this story takes place in a pitiless world where the have-nots will do anything to become haves, while the privileged don't know what to live f"
"9781852864989 A tale of music, mortality, friendship and death is told in a graphic novel designed for mature readers by author Neil Gaiman. Spinning off from the popular Sandman Library, this is the story of Foxglove, a rising star of the music world who must wrestle with revealing her true sexual orientation as her companion, Hazel, is lured into the realm of Death."
"9780743477567 In The Merchant of Venice, the path to marriage is hazardous. To win Portia, Bassanio must pass a test prescribed by her father’s will, choosing correctly among three caskets or chests. If he fails, he may never marry at all. Bassanio and Portia also face a magnificent villain, the moneylender Shylock. In creating Shylock, Shakespeare seems to have shared in a widespread prejudice against Jews. Shylock would have been regarded as a villain because he was a Jew. Yet he gives such powerful expression to his alienation due to the hatred around him that, in many productions, he emerges as the hero. Portia is most remembered for her disguise as a lawyer, Balthazar, especially the speech in which she urges Shylock to show mercy that “droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven.” The authoritative edition of The Merchant of Venice from The Folger Shakespeare Library, the trusted and widely used Shakespeare series for students and general readers, includes: -Freshly edited text based on the best early printed version of the play -Newly revised explanatory notes conveniently placed on pages facing the text of the play -Scene-by-scene plot summaries -A key to the play’s famous lines and phrases -An introduction to reading Shakespeare’s language -An essay by a leading Shakespeare scholar providing a modern perspective on the play -Fresh images from the Folger Shakespeare Library’s vast holdings of rare books -An up-to-date annotated guide to further reading Essay by Alexander Leggatt The Folger Shakespeare Library in Washington, DC, is home to the world’s largest collection of Shakespeare’s printed works, and a magnet for Shakespeare scholars from around the globe. In addition to exhibitions open to the public throughout the year, the Folger offers a full calendar of performances and programs. For more information, visit Folger.edu."
"9780345439499 A collection of classic stories by the cofounder of Del Rey Books -- now in a stunning new Del Rey Impact edition. A must-have for all science fiction readers -- Introduction by Terry BrooksLester del Rey, science fiction's most protean personality -- writer, editor, critic, publisher -- sets off an incomparable fireworks display in these tales of robots and humans, animals and aliens, ghosts and gods, science and the supernatural: ""Instinct""The robots labored to re-create the extinct human species -- but there was one element they somehow left out.""For I Am a Jealous People""""In God We Trust"" is a great motto -- until you find you can't.""Hereafter, Inc"".This is Heaven? The Hell it is!"
"9780822000945 The original CliffsNotes study guides offer expert commentary on major themes, plots, characters, literary devices, and historical background. The latest generation of titles in this series also feature glossaries and visual elements that complement the classic, familiar format. In CliffsNotes on Twelfth Night, you follow several separate groups of characters whose stories are flawlessly woven together to produce one of Shakespeare's lightest, most popular, and most musical comedies — full of intricate plots and subplots and witty banter that only Shakespeare could write. Summaries and commentaries take you through Shakespeare's masterpiece, and character analyses of such memorable characters as Viola, Olivia, and Duke Orsino clue you in on their motivations. You also get these additional features: A section on the life and background of William Shakespeare A review section that tests your knowledge A selected bibliography Classic literature or modern modern-day treasure — you'll understand it all with expert information and insight from CliffsNotes study guides."
"9780671731427 This book is a remarkable tale of pulse-pounding excitement with a uniquely sympathetic, fascinating portrait of the werewolf as nobel warrior-and conflicted being. Complex, compelling and utterly real."
"9780806523798 A collection of eighteen science fiction short stories features ""The Minority Report,"" in which Commissioner John Anderton's clever use of ""precogs,"" people who can identify criminals before they can do any harm, turns against him when they identify him as the next criminal."
"9780312330866 A Yorkshire veterinarian describes the adventures and experiences of his career as he tends to sick cattle, pregnant ewes, ailing dogs, and their eccentric owners, in a celebration of the relationships between human and animal"
"9780060851989 Lizzie Nichols discovers that her inability to keep her mouth shut has landed her once again in hot water when she aggravates her unfaithful boyfriend, Andy, is stranded in London, and takes a job as a bartender for a catered wedding at a French chateau, an affair that ends with the groom in disgrace, a furious bride, and Andy returning to ruin everything. 100,000 first printing."
9780375829635 Fifteen original short stories by various authors relate the exploits of teenage warriors who defeat their enemies with cunning and skill as they strive to fulfill their destinies. Reprint.
"9781400098026 College professor, art collector, mountaineer, and freelance assassin Jonathan Hemlock takes on an assignment that means a perilous climb up the Eiger Mountain with a climbing party that includes his quarry. Reprint. 35,000 first printing."
"9781596321281 If one man is good, then two are so much better. An erotic romance anthology for those who like it hot, hard and oh so wickedly delicious, with stories by USA Today bestselling author Angela Knight, and erotic romance rising stars Morgan Hawke and Sheri Gilmore. PUBLISHER'S NOTE: This anthology is also available in e-book format, and contains material some readers may find offensive."
"9780440241355 Trying to decipher an ancient text that weaves a mathematical labyrinth within a love story, two researchers obtain a diary that may contain the key to the code, but when a fellow researcher is killed, they realize that the book contains a dangerous secret."
"9780553580334 Chronicles the origins of the rivalry between Duke Leto and Baron Vladimir Harkonnen, the actions that transformed Duncan Idaho and Gurney Halleck into heroes, the birth of Paul Atreides, and the creation of the tyrannical Padishah Emperor Shaddam Corrino"
"9780007130313 Fifteen-year old Callie is so withdrawn that she's not speaking to anyone - including her therapist at Sea Pines, known to its guests as 'Sick Minds' - the residential treatment facility where her parents and doctor send her after discovering that she cuts herself. Her story unfolds primarily through dramatic monologues, gradually revealing the family turmoil that led to her self-destructive behaviour."
"9780451211576 Grace McBride and the team at her software company are horrified when events in their murder mystery computer game are replicated in the real world by a ruthless killer, a situation that prompts them to analyze the game in order to anticipate his next move. Reprint."
9780064405478 A small town shortly after the turn of the century provides the background for this account of Betsy's third year at Deep Valley High. Reissue.
"9780971500747 Explores the ego's expressions and inherent limitations and gives detailed explanations and instructions on how to transcend them. It expands the understanding of the levels of consciousness as presented in the wiedely-acclaimed Map of Consciousness. The book focuses on the individual, and studies the experiential subjective blocks to the advancement of awareness, at each level of consciousness. This leads to progressive spiritual awareness and on to higher levels of consciousness, providing specific steps for transcending each level, preparatory to advanced states such as Enlightenment itself. By analyzing the various obstacles and levels to be transcended, certain principles that support spiritual evolution are self-revealing. This book si therefore a practical manual rather than a comprehensive analysis."
"9780521750844 The kiss was just amazing. I knew instantly that Ian was the one for me. 'You're lOvely,' he said. 'Absolutely lovely. But I can't do this. Not until I've broken things off with Caroline. It just wouldn't be fair.' On holiday in the Caribbean, Lisa and Jennifer are both attracted to Ian. And Ian likes both of them. But what about his girlfriend, Caroline? And then there's Pete."
"9780671877668 Hoping to settle old scores with the Kolnari who destroyed her home and with an unscrupulous uncle, Joat is challenged to overcome a ""breakout"" disease that destroys its victim's minds and is threatening the entire universe."
"9780765311856 Recently divorced after an inexplicable nervous breakdown, award-winning architect and womanizing opportunist Harry Radcliffe is unexpectedly enlisted by the wealthy Sultan of Saru to design a billion-dollar dog museum, an assignment that introduces him to a magical culture beyond anything he has ever imagined. Reprint. 20,000 first printing."
"9780765345905 All young Eyvind ever wanted was to become a great Viking warrior--a Wolfskin--and carry honor out in the name of his fathergod Thor. He can think of no future more glorious. The chance to make it happen is his when his chieftain Ulf is brought the tale of a magical land across the sea, a place where men with courage could go to conquer a land and bring glory to themselves. They set out to find this fabled land, and discover a windswept and barren place, but one filled with unexpected beauty and hidden treasures... and a people who are willing to share their bounty. Ulf's new settlement begins in harmony with the natives of the isles led by the gentle king Engus. And Eyvind finds a treasure of his own in the young Nessa, niece of the King, seer and princess. His life will change forever as she claims his heart for her own. But someone has come along to this new land who is not what he seems. Somerled, a strange and lonely boy that Eyvind befriended long ago has a secret--and his own plans for the future. The blood oath that they swore in childhood binds them in lifelong loyalty, and Somerled is calling in the debt of honor. What he asks of Eyvind might just doom him to kill the only thing that Evyind has ever truly loved. Will the price of honor create the destruction of all that Eyvind holds dear?"
"9780380815937 This is ""the Word"" -- one man's word, certainly -- about the art (and artifice) of the state of our computer-centric existence. And considering that the ""one man"" is Neal Stephenson, ""the hacker Hemingway"" (Newsweek) -- acclaimed novelist, pragmatist, seer, nerd-friendly philosopher, and nationally bestselling author of groundbreaking literary works (Snow Crash, Cryptonomicon, etc., etc.) -- the word is well worth hearing. Mostly well-reasoned examination and partial rant, Stephenson's In the Beginning... was the Command Line is a thoughtful, irreverent, hilarious treatise on the cyber-culture past and present; on operating system tyrannies and downloaded popular revolutions; on the Internet, Disney World, Big Bangs, not to mention the meaning of life itself."
"9780345434906 A portrait of the best-selling author of All Creatures Great and Small by his son describes the life and times of the beloved Yorkshire veterinarian, describing his devotion to his family, his work as a rural vet, and his writing. Reprint. 20,000 first printing."
"9780345449023 An ultimate Star Wars fan's guide to the spacecraft and vehicles that put Luke Skywalker and his companions in the driver's seat profiles such ships as the Millennium Falcon, the Tie- and X-Wing fighters, and the Death Stars, and has been updated to include new full-color artwork, as well as entries from The Phantom Menace, Attack of the Clones, and more. Original."
"9780226014906 From the beginning of the colonial period to the recent conflicts in the Middle East, encounters with the Muslim world have helped Americans define national identity and purpose. Focusing on America's encounter with the Barbary states of North Africa from 1776 to 1815, Robert Allison traces the perceptions and mis-perceptions of Islam in the American mind as the new nation constructed its ideology and system of government. ""A powerful ending that explains how the experience with the Barbary states compelled many Americans to look inward . . . with increasing doubts about the institution of slavery."" —David W. Lesch, Middle East Journal ""Allison's incisive and informative account of the fledgling republic's encounter with the Muslim world is a revelation with a special pertinence to today's international scene."" —Richard W. Bulliet, Journal of Interdisciplinary History ""This book should be widely read. . . . Allison's study provides a context for understanding more recent developments, such as America's tendency to demonize figures like Iran's Khumaini, Libya's Qaddafi, and Iraq's Saddam."" —Richard M. Eaton, Eighteenth Century Studies"
"9780262611336 ""Pop internationalists""--people who speak impressively about international trade while ignoring basic economics and misusing economic figures are the target of this collection of Paul Krugman's most recent essays. In the clear, readable, entertaining style that brought acclaim for his best-selling Age of Diminished Expectations, Krugman explains what real economic analysis is. He discusses economic terms and measurements, like ""value-added"" and GDP, in simple language so that readers can understand how pop internationalists distort, and sometimes contradict, the most basic truths about world trade. All but two of the essays have previously appeared in such publications as Foreign Affairs, Scientific American, and the Harvard Business Review. The first five essays take on exaggerations of foreign competition's effects on the U.S. economy and represent Krugman's central criticisms of public debate over world trade. The next three essays expose further distortions of economic theory and include the complete, unaltered, controversial review of Laura Tyson's Who's Bashing Whom. The third group of essays highlights misconceptions about competition from less industrialized countries. The concluding essays focus on interesting and legitimate economic questions, such as the effects of technological change on society."
"9780345422040 Presents a collection of stories based on H.P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu mythos, including stories by Lovecraft, Frank Belnap Long, Robert Bloch, Stephen King, and August Derleth"
"9780099928409 Billy Twillig has won the first Nobel Prize ever to be given in mathematics. Set in the near future, this book charts an innocent's education when Billy is sent to live in the company of 30 Nobel laureates and he is asked to decipher transmissions from outer space. By the author of Libra."
9780226307787 A brief discussion of the life of Aeschylus and the structure of early tragedy accompanies a translation of the three plays based on H.W. Smyth's Loeb Classical Library text.
"9780439440035 Albert, Nessa's old friend from the orphanage, has joined her in Kansas, but things have changed since they have been apart, and Nessa struggles to understand their new relationship."
"9781421506548 Violent, strange saga spanning four continents and four generations. Araki's ideas are stretched increasingly thin, but there is still plenty of action and new concepts to sustain the interest of demanding Shounen Jump readers. Each part of Jojo can be read more or less independently, and has its own atmosphere and storytelling/art style."
"9780006646006 Joe and his parents are enjoying a summer holiday by the sea at the Ocean Star Hotel. The sky is bright blue, the sun shines and Joe loves all that the seaside has to offer. But when the fog rolls in and rain falls Joe begins to wish that he was back at home again. Things change, however, when the owner of the hotel invites Joe to share in a magical world, only a few steps away. The loft is black as night but then above Joe's head a thousand tiny stars begin to sparkle and in the distance he hears the chug-chug-chug of a model train. A whole world is soon to open up before Joe's eyes, a world of snow-capped mountains, great deserts, and rocking fishing boats."
"9780141010311 The author of the bestselling Dirk Pitt novels introduces us to a thrilling new high seas action hero: Juan Cabrillo. Skipper of a non-descript lumber hauler disguising a state of the art spy ship behind the hull, Cabrillo takes the helm on dangerous covert missions carried out for whatever U.S. agency pays the price. And the stakes have never been higher - Cabrillo and his crew must put Tibet back in the hands of the Delai Lama by striking a deal with the Russians and the Chinese. His gambling chip is a golden Buddha containing records of vast oil reserves in the disputed land. But first, he has to locate and seize the artefact. Visit clivecussler.com.au for more Sign up to the Cussler Down Under e-newsletter"
"9780552771849 ""Bruce shoots movies. Wayne and Scout shoot to kill. In a single night they find out the hard way what's real and what's not, who's the hero and who's the villain. The USA watches slack-jawed as Bruce and Wayne together resolve some serious questions. Does Bruce use erection cream? Does art imitate life or does life simply imitate bad art? And most of all, does sugar-pie really love his honeybun?"""
"9780446579629 Compiled in this collector edition are Gideon's Gift, Sarah's Song, Maggie's Miracle, and Hannah's Hope. Readers worldwide have been touched by these heart-warming tales of hope, inspiration, and joyous miracles by bestselling author Karen Kingsbury."
"9781894925020 The classic pamphlet. A how-to guide, tried and tested by countless groups across the world. An important document for anyone vaguely inquisitive, or seriously interested. Written by the Brazilian as a reaction to the failure of Guevara and the rural guerillas. This new edition includes two other documents by Marighella - Problems And Principles Of Strategy And Questions Of Organization, a 1970 interview with liberated Brazilian political prisoners, and a chronology of the guerilla struggle in Brazil from 1964-73. ""It is better to err acting than to do nothing for fear of erring. Without initiative there is no guerilla warfare."""
"9780340766163 This is James Clavell's tour-de-force; an epic saga of one Pilot-Major John Blackthorne, and his integration into the struggles and strife of feudal Japan. Both entertaining and incisive, SHOGUN is a stunningly dramatic re-creation of a very different world. Starting with his shipwreck on this most alien of shores, the novel charts Blackthorne's rise from the status of reviled foreigner up to the heights of trusted advisor and eventually, Samurai. All as civil war looms over the fragile country."
"9780393320923 This two-part profile of the late Nobel Prize-winning scientist reveals the influence of his father and his first wife on his life and discusses his role in the investigation of the ""Challenger"" explosion."
"9780553379334 Switters, an anarchist pacifist who works for the government and carries a gun, chases after his teenage stepsister, only to become madly enamored of a nun a decade older than him, in this hilarious new novel by the author of Even Cowgirls Get the Blues. Reprint. 50,000 first printing."
"9780064471961 The Key to Survival Rests in the Hands of Shade's Children In a futuristic urban wasteland, evil Overlords have decreed that no child shall live a day past his fourteenth birthday. On that Sad Birthday, the child is the object of an obscene harvest resulting in the construction of a machinelike creature whose sole purpose is to kill. The mysterious Shade -- once a man, but now more like the machines he fights -- recruits the few children fortunate enough to escape. With luck, cunning, and skill, four of Shade's children come closer than any to discovering the source of the Overlords' power -- and the key to their downfall. But the closer the children get, the more ruthless Shade seems to become ..."
"9780553271645 Henry is generally well-behaved, but he is occasionally arrogant and vain. Henry is at heart a hard worker, but his frequent bouts of illness hinder his work."
"9780156031639 The gifted English writer submits a strong plea for intellectual freedom, women's rights, and the cessation of war, in an annotated series of letters. Reprint. 12,000 first printing."
"9781400079179 Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon and French cryptologist Sophie Neveu work to solve the murder of an elderly curator of the Louvre, a case which leads to clues hidden in the works of Da Vinci and a centuries-old secret society."
"9780349113005 EMBRACE is the story of the awakening of Karl De Man a thirteen-year-old student at the Berg, an exclusive academy for boys in South Africa in the 1970s. Interwoven with the storyline about Karl at school are memories from Karl's childhood and first years at the Berg, presented as an ever-growing patchwork of the many influences on his development: growing up on a game reserve in East Africa, intensely aware of landscape and wildlife; a loving and close family, but a traditional one that will never easily accept Karl's true self: being sent away to school and the formation of new friendships and relationships. But, after threats and punishments handed out after casual sexual games in the dorm, Karl falls in love. He simultaneously has secret affairs with his best friend, Dominic, who is the son of liberal parents, and his choirmaster, Jacques Cilliers. The great strength of the novel is that it places Karl's passions on a wider canvas, focusing on his raw passions and elemental drives against the landscapes of Africa. It is a staggering follow-up to Mark Behr's award-winning first novel, THE SMELL OF APPLES."
"9781400033850 Describes the influence of a foundling baby sparrow that he rescued on the author's life, his relationship with the bird, his transformation of their home into an indoor aviary, and what his birds have taught him about life, joy, the wonder of all living beings, and the natural world. Reprint. 20,000 first printing."
"9781571741028 Joseph McMoneagle is an extraordinary remote viewer, a ""psychic spy,"" whose experiences have given him a special insight into the nature of time and human perception. For more than seventeen years, he was a researcher and remote viewer for the top-secret Army project STARGATE. For years after that, he journeyed through time while working in a consciousness-development lab with out-of-body experience pioneer Robert A. Monroe. McMoneagle explores the questions that philosophers have for centuries debated: Does time really exist? Do our actions today really affect our future? Can we change the past? Do we slip between alternate realities? In The Ultimate Time Machine, McMoneagle delivers new insights into these mysteries, including: First-hand information--including transcripts from lab sessions--on the origins of humanity, the crucifixion of Jesus Christ, and the building of the Egyptian pyramids. Provocative suggestions about the nature of time, creation, and a constantly changing past. A detailed picture of our immediate future through the year 2075. More than 150 very explicit predictions on world population, aging, religious fragmentation, lifestyle changes, technological developments, and dozens of major changes to laws, customs and practices--all within a positive and constructive framework. A vision of the year 3000, comprising a test of what the author calls the ""Verne Effect""--our ability to create and manipulate our future."
"9780671004545 “The mistress of high tension” (The New Yorker) and undisputed Queen of Suspense Mary Higgins Clark brings us another New York Times bestselling novel that USA TODAY calls “her page-turning best” about a killer who targets lonely women on cruise ships, a masterful combination of page-turning suspense and classic mystery. When Dr. Susan Chandler decides to use her daily radio talk show to explore the phenomenon of women who disappear and are later found to have become victims of killers who prey on the lonely and insecure, she has no idea that she is exposing herself—and those closest to her—to the very terror that she hopes to warn others against. Susan sets out to determine who is responsible for an attempt on the life of a woman who called in to the show offering information on the mysterious disappearance from a cruise ship, years before, of Regina Clausen, a wealthy investment advisor. Soon Susan finds herself in a race against time, for not only does the killer stalk these lonely women, but he seems intent on eliminating anyone who can possibly further Susan’s investigation. As her search intensifies, Susan finds herself confronted with the realization that one of the men who have become important figures in her life might actually be the killer. And as she gets closer to uncovering his identity, she realizes almost too late that the hunter has become the hunted. Is she the next one marked for murder?"
"9780765300355 A collection of original short novels by such acclaimed authors as Stephen King, Robert Jordan, Anne McCaffrey, Ursula K. Le Guin, Orson Scott Card, and Terry Goodkind returns each to his own special fantasy world for a new and illuminating story."
"9780349113487 The grandson of biologist T. H. Huxley, Aldous Huxley had a privileged background and was educated at Eton and Oxford despite an eye infection that left him nearly blind. Having learned braille his eyesight then improved enough for him to start writing, and by the 1920s he had become a fashionable figure, producing witty and daring novels like CROME YELLOW (1921), ANTIC HAY (1923) and POINT COUNTER POINT (1928). But it is as the author of his celebrated portrayal of a nightmare future society, BRAVE NEW WORLD (1932), that Huxley is remembered today. A truly visionary book, it was a watershed in Huxley's world-view as his later work became more and more optimistic - coinciding with his move to California and experimentation with mysticism and psychedelic drugs later in life. Nicholas Murray's brilliant new book has the greatest virtue of literary biographies: it makes you want to go out and read its subject's work all over again. A fascinating reassessment of one of the most interesting writers of the twentieth century."
"9780471292517 ""Modernism is simply the result of the extremely progressive evolution of the American pastry industry. With the use of all ethnic influences, creative flavor combinations enhanced by incredibly visual designs is truly the global trend-setter for the millennium."" Norman Love Corporate Pastry Chef, Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company Milk Chocolate-Ginger Mousse with Liquid Chocolate Center Norman Love Corporate Pastry Chef, Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company, Naples, Florida. Mont Blanc Michael Hu Executive Pastry Chef, Waldorf-Astoria Hotel, New York Midnight Macadamia Torte Kim O'Flaherty Pastry Cook, Essex House Hotel, New York. Chocolate and Pear Mousse Ensemble Eric Perez Executive Pastry Chef, Ritz-Carlton Tyson's Corners, Virginia. Chocolate Croissant Bread Pudding with Specky Vanilla Ice Cream and Caramel Marshall Rosenthal Executive Pastry Chef, Trump Taj Mahal Hotel and Casino, Atlantic City, New Jersey Butter Pecan Custard Cake Wayne Brachman Executive Pastry Chef, Mesa Grill and Bolo, both in New York."
"9781600430015 What howls in Vegas, stays in Vegas. Welcome to the French Quarter, Sin City's premier casino, where the high rollers are vampires, the sexy showgirls are werewolves, and the lounge magician is a djinn. Beneath the sexy, sassy, smoldering action, danger lurks and Lady Love reigns supreme. Below the glittering, glitzy Las Vegas front lies a struggle for life, death, and dominance of the most powerful werewolf pack in North America. Explore this high roller fantasy world of feuding werewolf packs, high-stakes thieves, a sexy djinn, and a mystical medallion. But baby it's only Vegas."
"9780312354077 A young, hip, sexy novel that takes readers behind the velvet rope of the glamorous and shady entertainment industry Nothing prepares Tyler Blake for the fast-paced living of New York City. A small-town girl from Georgia, she quickly gets caught up in the glamorous entertainment industry. While pursuing her dream of becoming an actress, Tyler continually gets sidetracked by men who promise to help her and finds herself going from one dysfunctional relationship to another. Just when Tyler finally believes she has found her ideal man, in hip-hop producer Brian McCall, everything begins to go horribly wrong. Trapped in a nightmarish relationship, Tyler is determined not to go down without a fight. ""Passion, deception, heartbreak, love and a delicious read...what more do you need!"" -- B. Lawson Thornton, Essence bestselling author of Misery Loves Company"
"9780156028974 In a bizarre, noirish world shared by people and intelligent animals, Conrad Metcalf, a human private detective, finds one of his cases has drawn him into a conflict between gangsters and the Inquisitor's office. Reprint. 15,000 first printing."
9780446607209 Computer whiz Ashley Patterson is convinced she is being stalked. Coworker Toni Prescott has a penchant for Internet dating and little time for anyone else. And Alette Peters prefers quiet weekends in the arms of a beefcake artist. They know virtually nothing about each other--until the three women are linked by a murder investigation that will lead to one of the most bizarre trials of the century.
"9781594481758 Journeying to a remote French island to sit for a portrait that is painted by his tormented artist friend, an influential London art critic recalls the early years of their friendship, his own influence over aspiring artists, and the power struggle between subject and artist in the course of the sitting. By the author of An Instance of the Fingerpost. Reprint. 100,000 first printing."
"9780375759314 Two young couples, Sid and Charity and Larry and Sally, from different backgrounds--East and West, rich and poor--befriend each other in 1937 Madison, Wisconsin, in an evocative and insightful portrait of family and friendship. Reprint. 25,000 first printing."
"9780099468196 High school All-American Neely Crenshaw was probably the best quarterback ever to play for the legendary Messina Spartans. Fifteen years have gone by since those glory days, and Neely has come home to Messina to bury Coach Eddie Rake, the man who molded the Spartans into an unbeatable football dynasty. As Coach Rake's 'boys' sit in the bleachers waiting for the dimming field lights to signal his passing, they replay the old glories, and try to decide once and for all whether they love Eddie Rake - or hate him. For Neely Crenshaw, still struggling to come to terms with his explosive relationship with the Coach, his dreams of a great career in the NFL, and the choices he made as a young man, the stakes could not be higher."
"9780751533118 Dearest Raye,' Decima had written...'I'm writing to ask if you can possibly come up to Ruthven for a few days. My twenty-first birthday falls next Sunday, and it would be such a relief if you could stay until after the celebration dinner party which Charles is giving for me on Saturday night. Please come, Raye. I may be behaving very stupidly by panicking like this, but I would feel so much less frightened if I knew you were beside me at Ruthven till after midnight on Saturday...' Dependable Rachel Lord hasn't heard from her friend Decima for over two years when out of the blue she is invited to Ruthven, the fairy tale Scottish castle that Decima will inherit on her coming of age. Her arrival is met with relief by Decima who is convinced her husband, Charles, means her harm. Is Decima in her right mind? Or is Rachel being duped by her worldlier friend? As the eve of the 21st birthday celebration approaches, a shocking event leaves Rachel in no doubt."
"9780060598976 Muhammad was born in 570 CE, and over the following sixty years built a thriving spiritual community, laying the foundations of a religion that changed the course of world history. There is more historical data on his life than on that of the founder of any other major faith, and yet his story is little known. Karen Armstrong's immaculately researched new biography of Muhammad will enable readers to understand the true origins and spirituality of a faith that is all too often misrepresented as cruel, intolerant, and inherently violent. An acclaimed authority on religious and spiritual issues, Armstrong offers a balanced, in-depth portrait, revealing the man at the heart of Islam by dismantling centuries of misconceptions. Armstrong demonstrates that Muhammad's life—a pivot point in history—has genuine relevance to the global crises we face today."
"9780915145690 From the Introduction: ""Stoic philosophy, of which Epictetus (c. a.d. 50-130) is a representative, began as a recognizable movement around 300 b.c. Its founder was Zeno of Cytium (not to be confused with Zeno of Elea, who discovered the famous paradoxes). He was born in Cyprus about 336 b.c., but all of his philosophical activity took place in Athens. For more than 500 years Stoicism was one of the most influential and fruitful philosophical movements in the Graeco-Roman world. The works of the earlier Stoics survive only in fragmentary quotations from other authors, but from the Renaissance until well into the nineteenth century, Stoic ethical thought was one of the most important ancient influences on European ethics, particularly because of the descriptions of it by Cicero, through surviving works by the Stoics Seneca, Marcus Aurelius, and also Epictetus--and also because of the effect that it had had in antiquity, and continued to have into the nineteenth century, on Christian ethical views. Nowadays an undergraduate or graduate student learning about ancient philosophy in a university course may well hear only about Plato and Aristotle, along perhaps with the presocratics; but in the history of Western thought and education this situation is somewhat atypical, and in most periods a comparable student would have learned as much or more about Stoicism, as well as two other major ancient philosophical movements, Epicureanism and Scepticism. In spite of this lack of explicit acquaintance with Stoic philosophers and their works, however, most students will recognize in Epictetus various ideas that are familiar through their effects on other thinkers, notably Spinoza, in our intellectual tradition."""
"9780345442741 1. Geneva initially has no intention of traveling to Minnesota to take care of Rich. Why does she change her mind? 2.What do you think would have happened to Geneva if she had decided not to help her sister's family? 3.What has Geneva gained and lost as a result of her successful, high-powered career? 4.As a celebrity, Geneva is fodder for the gossip columns and she is not happy about it. Do you think her complaints are valid? Or is the intrusiveness of the media part of the price of fame and fortune? 5. Geneva's failed first marriage really wounded her. Why does she finally decide to try again? 6. Geneva thinks that Trevor seems relieved by her rejection. Do you think this is really the case? Do you think Trevor could have changed? 7. Has Geneva made the right choice picking the boy in homeroom who would help you with your homework? Do you think the marriage will work? 8. Geneva remembers Conrad as a boy who knew 'when it paid to be careful and when it paid not to.' How do you distinguish between justifiable fears and those that hold you back and do more harm than good? 9. Geneva and James have both been paralyzed by their fears in some ways. Do you have a fear that you feel has had a detrimental effect on your life? 10. Do you think Rich is aware of Geneva's ambivalent feelings about him? If he is, why do you think he gives her a chance anyway? 11. Rich and Conrad's conditions can make those around them uncomfortable, particularly strangers. Discuss why people can feel so uneasy around those with special needs. 12. Rich and Conrad spend a great deal of time with peers who are not classified as special education.What are the benefits and/or drawbacks of such a setup? 13. Everyone is concerned with how Rich is going to deal with his grief. How do you think he is going to handle it? Were his family and friends right to be concerned? 14.What do you think will happen to Barb and George's marriage? Do you think it can survive their loss? 15.Why did James decide to leave his corporate job and become a mailman? Do you think he has had a nervous breakdown as his ex-wife and parents believe? 16. James and his fellow hockey coach take very different approaches to coaching their players.With which approach do you agree? What should be the mission of youth sports? 17. James says, 'faith isn't knowing, it's believing.' Discuss the meaning of faith in all its forms. 18.What would your answers be to the 'big' questions posed in 'The Great Mysterious'? What is true love? What is the meaning of life? What makes you happy? 19.Think of a question you would pose in the 'Great Mysterious.' 20. Do you have a favorite character or characters in this novel? 21. If you had to give a name to one of your emotions, which would it be and what would you name it? 22.The author mentions that she often attends book clubs. Has your group ever invited an author to attend? If not, is this something you would consider doing? 23. If you had the opportunity to ask the author a question about this novel, what would it be? 24.Why did your group decide to read this book? Are you happy with your choice? 25.What is your group reading next?"
"9780071451383 Practice makes perfect Italian verb tenses goes beyond other verb books to coach you in when and why verb tenses are used. In addition to an array of fully conjugated verbs, you will find clear and concise explanations that pinpoint why specific tenses work in given situations as well as plenty of engaging examples and numerous skill-building exercises. This is the ideal reference/workbook for beginning to intermediate Italian language learners whose goal is to learn to speak and write Italian with fluency."
"9780060957353 Set in Liberia and the United States from 1975 through 1991, The Darling is the story of Hannah Musgrave, a political radical and member of the Weather Underground. Hannah flees America for West Africa, where she and her Liberian husband become friends of the notorious warlord and ex-president, Charles Taylor. Hannah's encounter with Taylor ultimately triggers a series of events whose momentum catches Hannah's family in its grip and forces her to make a heartrending choice."
"9780312289515 While shopping for gifts on Christmas Eve, Robert, a successful lawyer whose family life is falling apart, meets Nathan, an eight-year-old boy whose mother is dying."
"9781857028157 The national bestseller--now in paperback. When the magician Parsifal dies, his assistant, Sabine, who was also for only the last few months of his life married to Parsifal, must sort out the emotional baggage she inherits.s"
"9780671041557 In a novel based on the popular computer game, Norrec Vizharan stumbles upon the ancient armor of Bartuc, the legendary Warlord of Blood, a cursed artifact that draws Norrect into a tortured struggle against his own bloodthirsty desires as he searches for the truth about the terrifying curse before he is lost to the darkness forever or falls into the hands of the evil demons pursuing him. Original. (A Blizzard Entertainment M-rated electronic game) (Horror)"
"9780872201682 Designed for students with little or no background in ancient Greek language and culture, this collection of extracts from The History of the Peloponnesian War includes those passages that shed most light on Thucydides' political theory--famous as well as important but lesser-known pieces frequently overlooked by nonspecialists. Newly translated into spare, vigorous English, and situated within a connective narrative framework, Woodruff's selections will be of special interest to instructors in political theory and Greek civilization. Includes maps, notes, glossary."
"9780520024274 ""It is notoriously difficult to recognize degrees of pre-eminence among one's near-contemporaries. We talk now of the age of Donne, a label that would have seemed bizarre to Ben Johnson. Will The Pound Era seem an appropriate designation, 50 or 100 years hence, for the epoch we think of as 'modern'? Mr. Kenner's brilliantly written book establishes an excellent case for supposing the answer to be 'Yes.'""—The Economist ""Mr. Kenner's study...is not so much a book as a library, or better, a new kind of book in which biography, history, and the analysis of literature are so harmoniously articulated that every page has a narrative sense....The Pound Era is a book to be read and reread and studied. For the student of modern letters it is a treasure, for the general reader it is one of the most interesting books he will ever pick up in a lifetime of reading.""—National Review"
"9780425198735 Leaving Virginia in search of peace and quiet, Dr. Kay Scarpetta journeys to Florida, where a series of baffling murders entangles her in an international conspiracy that confronts her with the most unexpected circumstance of her life. Reprint."
"9780765308702 The New York Times bestseller A LOVE THAT TRANSCENDS HEAVEN AND HELL What happens to us after we die? Chris Nielsen had no idea, until an unexpected accident cut his life short, separating him from his beloved wife, Annie. Now Chris must discover the true nature of life after death. But even Heaven is not complete without Annie, and when tragedy threatens to divide them forever, Chris risks his very soul to save Annie from an eternity of despair. Richard Matheson's powerful tale of life---and love---after death was the basis for the Oscar-winning film starring Robin Williams."
"9780425216026 When werewolf Logan Marshall is rescued by an extraordinary creature, a beautiful shapeshifter from another dimension, he becomes ensnared in her seductive trap as he helps her save herself--and Earth--from the wrath of her greatest enemy. Original."
"9780743297318 A Southern family with a great appetite for living is dominated by the father until an older son, Eugene, is able to free himself from his rural North Carolina hometown to seek the challenges of an Ivy League education and big city life. Reissue. 75,000 first printing."
"9780345479396 Michael Malice has had an unconventional childhood and, despite his high intelligence, finds himself in a series of dead-end jobs, until he meets the author who gives him the confidence to find a job which utilizes his creative talents."
"9781563892462 /Dave McKean, illustrator In his grandfather's seaside arcade, a young boy encounters a mysterious Punch & Judy man with a dark past and a woman who makes her living playing a mermaid. As their stories unfold, the boy must confront family secrets, strange puppets and a nightmarish world of violence and betrayal. Second printing. Graphic novel format"
"9780307275738 Commander Adam Dalgliesh and his team are called in to solve a sensitive high profile case on Combe island off the Cornish coast of England at a time when Dalgliesh is dealing with his uncertain future with Emma Lavenham, Kate Miskin struggles with her own personal turmoil, and Sergeant Francis Benton-Smith must cope with resentment over a female superior. Reader's Guide available. Reprint. 250,000 first printing."
"9781574671322 This collection of 59 essays--comprising the first full-length book in English on the music of American composer John Adams--contains mostly reprints by critics and musicologists. Also compiled are new interviews with Adams, his colleagues, collaborators, and performers of his music; program and liner notes on his works from 1978 to 2005; and secti"
"9781598169461 After normal high-schooler Yoko is whisked away to another world by Keiki, a holy man who claims she is the heir to the kingdom of Kei, she is left only with a magical sword, a gem, and questions about her destiny as she fights for her throne."
"9780007120987 One Minute, Silly Heather Badcock Had Been Gabbling On At Her Movie Idol, The Glamorous Marina Gregg. The Next, Heather Suffered A Massive Seizure. But For Whom Was The Deadly Poison Really Intended? Marina S Frozen Expression Suggested She Had Witnessed Something Horrific. But, While Others Searched For Material Evidence, Jane Marple Conducted A Very Different Investigation Into Human Nature."
"9780425183038 Net Force Explorer Daniel Sanchez finds himself in a wealth of trouble when a game of hide-and-seek on the Web leads to a breach of confidential Net Force files involving the CIA, forcing the Explorers to find the real culprit and clear Daniel's name. Original."
"9780385721790 In 1935 England, thirteen-year-old Briony Tallis witnesses an event involving her sister Cecilia and her childhood friend Robbie Turner, and she becomes the victim of her own imagination, which leads her on a lifelong search for truth and absolution."
"9781557832450 (Applause Books). Spring's Awakening is a tragi-comedy of teenage sex. Its fourteen-year-old heroine, Wendla, is killed by abortion pills. The young Moritz, terrorized by the world around him, and especially by his teachers, shoots himself. The ending seems likely to be the suicide of Moritz's friend, Melchior, but in a confrontation with a mysterious stranger (the famous Masked Man) he finally manages to shed his illusions and face the consequences."
9780451412102 The dramatic eruption of a volcano in the Pacific Ocean results in a world-wide battle for domination when it becomes obvious that Vulcan's Forge can provide a limitless supply of clean nuclear energy.
"9781565124509 The book that Entertainment Weekly called ""hilarious,"" Publishers Weekly declared ""a true pleasure,"" Booklist called ""heartwarming,"" and the Dallas Morning News praised as ""rich and funny"" is now available in paperback. When Bob Tarte bought a house in rural Michigan, he was counting on a tranquil haven. Then Bob married Linda. She wanted a rabbit, which seemed innocuous enough until the bunny chewed through their electrical wiring. And that was just the beginning. Before long, Bob found himself constructing cages, buying feed, clearing duck waste, and spoon-feeding a menagerie of furry and feathery residents. His life of quiet serenity vanished, and he unwittingly became a servant to a relentlessly demanding family. ""They dumbfounded him, controlled and teased him, took their share of his flesh, stole his heart"" (Kirkus Reviews). Whether commiserating with Bob over the fate of those who are slaves to their animals or regarding his story as a cautionary tale about the rigors of animal ownership, readers on both sides of the fence have found Tarte's story of his chaotic squawking household irresistible--and irresistibly funny."
"9780330281720 In Michael Ondaatje's beloved family memoir, fact and fiction blur to create a dazzlingly original portrait of a lost time and place. Ondaatje left Ceylon (now Sri Lanka) at the age of eleven. Almost twenty-five years later, he returned to sort out the recollected fragments of experience, legend, and family scandal, and to reconstruct the carefree, doomed life his parents and grandparents had led in a place where couples danced the tango in the moonlight, where drink, gambling, and romance were the main occupations of the upper class. Rich with eccentric characters and captivating stories, and set against the exotic landscape of a colonial empire in decline, Running in the Family is Ondaatje's unforgettable journey through memory and imagination to reclaim his past."
"9781400095414 Two young men--student rabbi Reuven Malter and his old friend, Danny Saunders, who has abandoned his Hasidic traditions to become a psychologist--question the ""orthodoxy"" of values and religion in a world cut off from their Hasidic traditions. Reprint. 10,000 first printing."
"9780736910194 Women eager to bring simplicity to their busy lives will embrace the principles presented in this exciting study guide based on Elizabeth George's new Life Management for Busy Women. With clear and inspired steps for women eager to become better stewards of their time and their lives, this study guide complements all the major sections of the book, including: Spiritual Life: first things first Home Life: minding the stewardship of place Mental Life: minding your mind Easily adaptable to individual or group study, Life Management for Busy Women Growth and Study Guide will help women of all ages, in all stages of life, learn to see and follow God's blueprint for their lives."
"9780064405850 The land was theirs, but so were its hardships Strawberries -- big, ripe, and juicy. Ten-year-old Birdie Boyer can hardly wait to start picking them. But her family has just moved to the Florida backwoods, and they haven′t even begun their planting. "";Don′t count your biddies ′fore they′re hatched, gal young un!""; her father tells her. Making the new farm prosper is not easy. There is heat to suffer through, and droughts, and cold snaps. And, perhaps most worrisome of all for the Boyers, there are rowdy neighbors, just itching to start a feud."
"9780763632168 Presents two previously-published tales of sixteen-year-old Janet, who keeps a diary of her efforts to find herself during and beyond her ""Dark Phase,"" as she copes with annoying family members, a quirky best friend, school, and romance."
"9780330419642 'Accomplished and amazing - one of the hottest reads around' DAILY MAIL Set in Washington D.C., this fascinating thriller of unparalleled suspense dares to explore an unthinkable abuse of power and criminal conspiracy: a vicious murder involving the US President and a cover-up orchestrared by his zealously loyal Chief of Staff and the Secret Service. But, unknown to the President and his lackeys, one unlikely witness saw everything.Trapped behind a two-way mirror in a country house in Maryland, Luther Whitney, a professional burglar, witnesses an event that destroys his faith in justice. By the time he escapes, pursued by two Secret Service agents, a young woman has been sexually assaulted, then shot dead. And a breathtaking cover-up has been set in motion. 'Baldacci's prose is fluent and amazing . . . this book is sure to make a killing' THE TIMES 'A high-octane legal thriller. An almost Shakespearian study in the nature of evil - horror in its purest form' SPECTATOR"
"9780765344328 Richard desperately searches for his long-lost, amnesiac beloved, Kahlan Amnell, racing to find her before she can uncover the secrets of her lost identity, thereby making her vulnerable to evil."
"9780142003565 Discusses the origins, history, and social significance of the little black dress, the white shirt, the cashmere sweater, blue jeans, the suit, high heels, pearls, lipstick, sneakers, and the trench coat."
"9780312890216 This novel set in the far-future and filled with action, extraordinary characters, and visionary speculation, chronicles the human exploration of alien planets with strange and mysterious life forms"
"9780345483171 The perfect lives of the affluent Winters family--father, mother, and three beautiful daughters--begin to unravel when their five-year-old daughter, Ellie, mysteriously vanishes, but fifteen years later, Caroline, Ellie's older sister, driven by the discovery of a photograph in People magazine, embarks for a search for her long-lost sister. By the author of Sleep Toward Heaven. Reader's Guide included. Reprint. 30,000 first printing."
"9781402726620 An abridged version of the voyages of an eighteenth-century Englishman that carry him to such strange places as Lilliput, where people are six inches tall, and Brobdingnag, a land peopled by giants."
"9780552998482 Try me...Test me...Taste me.When an exotic stranger, Vianne Rocher, arrives in the French village of Lansquenet and opens a chocolate boutique directly opposite the church, Father Reynaud identifies her as a serious danger to his flock especially as it"
"9780571193783 A parable about love, literature and fanaticism. A young university student becomes obsessed with a magical book that delves into the dangerous natures of love and self. Abandoning his studies and his family, he goes with the beautiful Janan on a search for the meaning of the book's darker secrets."
"9780822210344 THE STORY: Inspired by a true story, the play follows the trail of a young black con man, Paul, who insinuates himself into the lives of a wealthy New York couple, Ouisa and Flan Kittredge, claiming he knows their son at college. Paul tells them he"
"9780375714627 Celebrates the talents of DC Comics artist Alex Ross in a collection of his drawings, never-before-seen sketches, limited edition prints, and other artwork, all reproduced in full color, accompanied by a study of Ross's creative process, a new Superman-Batman story, and a new Robin origin story. Reprint. 50,000 first printing."
"9780060845247 Four English school children enter the magic land of Narnia through the back of a wardrobe and assist Aslan, the golden lion, in defeating the White Witch who has cursed the land with eternal winter."
9781932382723 The notorious Belasco House starts to exert its dark influence on the group of scientists and spiritualists as they unearth the perverse and wretched secrets from within its walls. Hell House has let them in but will it ever let them leave? IDW's adaptation of Richard Matheson's classic tale of terror continues here!
"9780553576061 On a bet, sexy sheriff Ty Beaumont woos Sunny Chandler, who has returned to her hometown to attend her best friend's wedding, but, unexpectedly, finds himself falling in love with the headstrong young woman. Reprint."
"9780307335852 Growing up under the watchful eye of her father, an eccentric chemist, young Emilie Selden is a female scientist--and alchemist--in an eighteenth-century world that dismisses female accomplishment, until an unexpected encounter with the temptations of the outside world lures her away from her home, her work, and her father. Reprint. 25,000 first printing."
"9780486249445 Don Giovanni has been called the greatest opera ever composed, an almost perfect work. Along with ""Aida,"" ""La Boheme,"" and ""Carmen,"" Mozart's masterpiece is one of the most often performed operas. The work is so admired that when the Italian composer Gioacchino Rossini was asked which of his own operas he liked best, Rossini unhesitatingly replied, """"Don Giovanni."""" This Dover edition contains the standard Italian libretto of ""Don Giovanni,"" side by side with a complete new English translation. Convenient and portable, it also includes an informative Introduction, a complete List of Characters, and an easy-to-follow Plot Summary. All repeats are given in full, so you can follow the text as it is sung, without losing your place. With this inexpensive, handy guide, opera lovers can appreciate every word of Mozart's brilliant comic drama in the original Italian or in modern English. An ideal companion for reading along with a recording, a broadcast, or at the performance itself, this superb volume is a first-rate aid to enjoyment of one of the world's most celebrated operas. """
"9780140424386 'Now as I've drunk a draught of corn-ripe ale, By God it stands to reason I can strike On some good story that you all will like' In The Canterbury Tales Chaucer created one of the great touchstones of English literature, a masterly collection of chivalric romances, moral allegories and low farce. A story-telling competition within a group of pilgrims from all walks of life is the occasion for a series of tales that range from the Knight's account of courtly love and the ebullient Wife of Bath's Arthurian legend, to the ribald anecdotes of the Miller and the Cook. Rich and diverse, The Canterbury tales offers us an unrivalled glimpse into the life and mind of medieval England. Nevill Coghill's masterly and vivid modern English verse translation is rendered with consummate skill to retain all the vigour and poetry of Chaucer's fourteenth-century Middle English."
"9780743440745 The Master of storytelling treats us to eighteen brand-new stories and seven previously published but never before collected. Tales of abandoned places and betrayed love; of a house where time has no boundaries; of a faraway planet plagued by an epidemic of sorrow; a wheat field that hides a strangely welcome enemy; the ghosts of dear friends, of errant sons and lost fathers, are but a few of the ingredients that have gone into Bradbury's savoury cocktail. One More for the Road is a superb refreshment served with wit, heart and flair by the incomparable Ray Bradbury."
"9780380725786 In a remote community off the west coast of Ireland, residents inclined to gossip speculate why reclusive Clement Ford, the ""Sea Wolf,"" has become such a generous benefactor to his neighbors. then one night, a mysterious figure from Ford's past arrives on the island, and by morning three people are murdered and Ford has disappeared. In the wake of the tragedy, Chief Superintendent Peter McGarr, and his intuitive wife, Noreen, along with his trusted staff from the Murder Squad, must piece together the deadly evening's events and answer the questions: Who really is the enigmatic Sea Wolf? And what does he have that is worth killing so many people for?"
"9780395606490 Features an alternate ending, never before published, to the ninth volume in the history of Middle-earth and introduces Tolkien fans to ""The Notions Club"" and ""Adunaic""--Tolkien's fifteenth invented language. 15,000 first printing."
"9780571201754 Told by the wife and four daughters of Nathan Price, a fierce evangelical Baptist who takes his family and mission to the Belgian Congo in 1959, The Poisonwood Bible is the story of one family's tragic undoing and remarkable reconstruction over the course of three decades in postcolonial Africa."
"9781841957951 When a human skeleton is discovered on Ernest Hemingway's home in Havana, police inspector Mario Conde is called up out of retirement to unearth the truth. In the course of his investigations, Conde gradually reconstructs the mysterious goings-on of the night of 3rd October 1958 and in doing so is forced to come to terms with a very different side to the character of his former literary hero. Padura Fuentes cuts between Conde's world and that of Hemingway's Cuba four decades earlier."
"9780006513087 Emma Watson a research physician has been training for the mission of a lifetime: to study living organisms in the microgravity of space. But the true and lethal nature of the experiment has not been revealed to NASA and once aboard the space station things start to go wrong. A culture of single-celled Archaeons, gathered from the deep sea, begin to rapidly multiply and infect the crew - with deadly and agonising results. As her estranged husband and ground crew at NASA work against the clock to launch a rescue Emma stuggles to contain the lethal microbe. But with the contagion threatening Earth's population, there are those who would leave the astronauts stranded in orbit, quarantined aboard the station."
"9780312978334 Pre-school teacher Nancy Stern is in a personal and professional rut. But what really puts a dent in her self-esteem is the realization that another woman named Nancy Stern has just moved into her building... a Nancy Stern who lives in the penthouse... A Nancy Stern who interviews celebrities for glossy magazines... a Nancy Stern who's chummy with Kevin Costner. Nancy's loss of her own specialness deepens as she keeps getting the other, more glamorous Nancy's mail, phone calls and party invitations by mistake. It's all too much to bear--until a man calls one night, intending to ask the other Nancy out on a blind date. What follows is a raucous and romantic involving mix-ups, mistaken identity, and murder ..."
"9780261102262 The third volume that contains the early myths and legends which led to the writing of Tolkien's epic tale of war, The Silmarillion. This, the third volume of The History of Middle-earth, gives us a priviledged insight into the creation of the mythology of Middle-earth, through the alliterative verse tales of two of the most crucial stories in Tolkien's world -- those of Turien and Luthien. The first of the poems is the unpublished Lay of The Children of Hurin, narrating on a grand scale the tragedy of Turin Turambar. The second is the moving Lay of Leithian, the chief source of the tale of Beren and Luthien in The Silmarillion, telling of the Quest of the Silmaril and the encounter with Morgoth in his subterranean fortress. Accompanying the poems are commentaries on the evolution of the history of the Elder Days. Also included is the notable criticism of The Lay of The Leithian by CS Lewis, who read the poem in 1929."
"9780684841212 Bob Slocum was living the American dream. He had a beautiful wife, three lovely children, a nice house...and all the mistresses he desired. He had it all -- all, that is, but happiness. Slocum was discontent. Inevitably, inexorably, his discontent deteriorated into desolation until...something happened. Something Happened is Joseph Heller's wonderfully inventive and controversial second novel satirizing business life and American culture. The story is told as if the reader was overhearing the patter of Bob Slocum's brain -- recording what is going on at the office, as well as his fantasies and memories that complete the story of his life. The result is a novel as original and memorable as his Catch-22."
"9780553251791 Gina dreams of becoming a doctor and she loves her work at the hospital as a candy striper, but she wants a boyfriend too and Dave seems perfect for her, but will her career dreams drive them apart."
"9780395291306 Explains the fourteen different languages and assorted alphabets of Middle-earth, translates Elvish poetry, war slogans, and sayings, and features a complete dictionary of non-English words in the Middle-earth classics"
"9780316182744 From the bestselling author of ""White Oleander"" comes a powerful story of passion, first love, and a young woman's search for a true world in the aftermath of loss."
"9781402714542 Sara Crewe, a pupil at Miss Minchin's London school, is left in poverty when her father dies but is later rescued by a mysterious benefactor."
"9780060506049 An extraordinary artist with few rivals in his chosen arena, Dan Simmons possesses a restless talent that continually presses boundaries while tantalizing the mind and touching the soul. Now he offers us a superb quintet of novellas -- five dazzling masterworks of speculative fiction, including ""Orphans of the Helix,"" his award-winning return to the Hyperion Universe -- that demonstrates the unique mastery, breathtaking invention, and flawless craftsmanship of one of contemporary fiction's true greats. Human colonists seeking something other than godhood encounter their long-lost ""cousins""...and an ancient scourge. A devastated man in suicide's embrace is caught up in a bizarre cat-and-mouse game with a young woman possessing a world-ending power. The distant descendants of a once-oppressed people learn a chilling lesson about the persistence of the past. A terrifying ascent up the frigid, snow-swept slopes of K2 shatters preconceptions and reveals the true natures of four climbers, one of whom is not human. At the intersection of a grand past and a threadbare present, an aging American in Russia confronts his own mortality as he glimpses a wondrous future."
"9780743471329 Since the beginning of time, the angelic hosts of the High Heavens and the demonic hordes of the Burning Hells have been locked in a struggle for the fate of all Creation. That struggle has now come to the mortal realm...and neither Man nor Demon nor Angel will be left unscathed.... DIABLO Driven by nightmares to the ruins of a mysterious tomb, Lord Aldric Jitan hopes to awaken a terrible evil that has slept since the fall of Tristram. Drawn by the growing darkness in the land, the enigmatic Necromancer, Zayl, stumbles upon Jitan's plot -- unaware that one of his own brethren has set these dire events in motion. Now, as the celestial Moon of the Spider rises, the nefarious demon, Astrogha, prepares to unleash his minions upon Sanctuary. MOON OF THE SPIDER An original tale of swords, sorcery, and timeless struggle based on the bestselling, award-winning M-rated computer game from Blizzard Entertainment. Intended for mature readers."
"9780060854942 A powerful literary classic from one of contemporary fiction's most acclaimed and important writers, Russell Banks's Continental Drift is a masterful novel of hope lost and gained, and a gripping, indelible story of fragile lives uprooted and transformed by injustice, disappointment, and the seductions and realities of the American dream."
"9780330363686 In the tradition of Just Tricking!, Just Annoying!, Just Stupid! and Just Crazy!, Andy Griffiths has written nine highly original, humorous new stories about Andy G.Includes a terrible agonising death by flesh-eating zombies, a battle with brussel sprouts (the sprouts win) and the disgusting fact that cockroaches can live for nine days without their heads (they only die because they starve to death).Complemented by imaginative, chaotic and downright disgusting illustrations by Terry Denton."
"9780439401876 A seagull, dying from the effects of an oil spill, entrusts her egg to Zorba the cat, who promises to care for it until her chick hatches, then teach the chick to fly. Reprint."
"9780312194406 Brothers Hector and Virgil make another appearance in this collection of anecdotes, recipes, gossip, and childhood memories, in a novel in which local poet Solomon Solomon makes an amusing revelation about the history of the twin landlords"
"9780764122781 Titles in this series present basic information on reptiles plus specific instructions for their care. Each book opens with a description of the animal as it exists in its natural habitat, then continues with information on its life cycle and distribution in nature. Readers then get advice on selecting a good specimen, determining sex, and providing proper housing, feeding, and health care. Books are heavily illustrated with instructive color photos."
"9781585425495 A painter of extraordinary talent and renown, Leila is addicted to a younger man who inspires her passion, yet betrays her. Leila fears that giving up the ecstasy--love, sex, alcohol, and hedonism--will mean losing her creative edge. From the bestselling author of Fear of Flying."
"9780007137336 When a dangerous necromancer threatens to unleash a long-buried evil, Lirael and Prince Sameth are drawn into a battle to save the Old Kingdom and reveal their true destinies. Suggested level: secondary."
"9780312966973 Stephanie Plum, Trenton, New Jersey's favorite pistol-packing, condom-carrying bounty hunter, is back--and on the trail of a revenge-seeking waitress who's skipped bail. With then help of 73-year-old Grandma Mazur, ex-hooker Lula, a transvestite musician named Sally Sweet, and the all-too-hospitable, all-too-sexy Joe Morelli, Stephanie might just catch her woman. Then again, with more mishaps than there are exits on the Jersey Turnpike--including murders, firebombs, and Stephanie's arch-rival bounty hunter chasing after the same fugative--Stephanie better watch her back big-time if she wants to live to crack this case."
"9780140448153 Examines early Greek philosophy, which relied on reasoning and forged the first scientific vocabulary, and includes discussion of such topics as Democritus' atomic theory of matter and Pythagorean insights into mathematics."
"9781400065011 The first novel from the ""New York Times"" bestselling author of ""The Idiot Girls' Action-Adventure Club,"" this is a rollicking tale of small-town peculiarity, dark secrets, and one extraordinary beauty pageant."
"9780803283855 Black Elk Speaks is the story of the Lakota visionary and healer Nicholas Black Elk (1863-1950) and his people during the momentous twilight years of the nineteenth century. Black Elk met the distinguished poet, writer, and critic John G. Neihardt (1881-1973) in 1930 on the Pine Ridge Reservation in South Dakota and chose Neihardt to tell his story. Neihardt understood and conveyed Black Elk’s experiences in this powerful and inspirational message for all humankind. When Black Elk received his great vision, white settlers were invading the Lakotas’ homeland, decimating buffalo herds, and threatening to extinguish the Lakotas’ way of life. The Lakotas fought fiercely to retain their freedom and way of life, a dogged resistance that resulted in a remarkable victory at the Little Bighorn and an unspeakable tragedy at Wounded Knee. Black Elk Speaks offers much more than a precious glimpse of a vanished time, however. As related by Neihardt, Black Elk’s searing visions of the unity of humanity and the earth have made this book a venerated spiritual classic. Whether appreciated as the poignant tale of a Lakota life, a history of a Native nation, or an enduring spiritual testament, Black Elk Speaks is unforgettable. This new edition features two additional essays by John G. Neihardt that further illuminate his experience with Black Elk; an essay by Alexis Petri, great-granddaughter of John G. Neihardt, that celebrates Neihardt’s remarkable accomplishments; and a look at the legacy of the special relationship between Neihardt and Black Elk, written by Lori Utecht, editor of Knowledge and Opinion: Essays and Literary Criticism of John G. Neihardt. For more information on John G. Neihardt, visit www.neihardt.com"
"9781582406121 Rick mounts a mission to rescue a crashed helicopter but discovers that another group has beat him, while back at the prison, the group tries to restore electrical power by siphoning gas for the generator from abandoned cars in the parking lot."
"9780440187356 In the glittering world of Hollywood peopled with stars, hopefuls, and hasbeens, hungry and cunning producers, starlets, moguls, and whores are willing to sacrifice everything for an elusive place at the top"
"9780753806791 This book completetly changes the established and conventional view of prehistory by relocating the Lost Eden—the world's first civilisation—to Southeast Asia. At the end of the Ice Age, Southeast Asia formed a continent twice the size of India, which included Indochina, Malaysia, Indonesia, and Borneo. In Eden in the East, Stephen Oppenheimer puts forward the astonishing argument that here in southeast Asia—rather than in Mesopotamia where it is usually placed—was the lost civilization that fertilized the Great cultures of the Middle East 6,000 years ago. He produces evidence from ethnography, archaeology, oceanography, creation stories, myths, linguistics, and DNA analysis to argue that this founding civilization was destroyed by a catastrophic flood, caused by a rapid rise in the sea level at the end of the last ice age."
"9780060891565 An ambassador of the tenth-century Caliph of Bagdad is carried off by the Norsemen to endure, for three years, the harshness of their way of life and the creatures that terrorize them."
"9780767915069 A travel writer with little background knowledge of Africa recounts his journey to Kenya at the invitation of CARE International, where he visited slums, historic sites, natural wonders, refugee camps, and relief projects."
"9780060956868 The story of a young couple from Brooklyn who marry young, have little money, and face bitter parental opposition, but are determined to make something of their life together."
"9781585672325 Fans of P. G. Wodehouse's comic genius are legion, and their devotion to his masterful command of the hilarity borders on an obsession. When a bratty Hollywood child star and an English aristocrat exchange souls at the dentist in Laughing Gas, the result is transatlantic mayhem at its funniest."
"9780349113463 THE TIPPING POINT is the biography of an idea, and the idea is quite simple. It is that many of the problems we face - from crime to teenage delinquency to traffic jams - behave like epidemics. They aren't linear phenomena in the sense that they steadily and predictably change according to the level of effort brought to bear against them. They are capable of sudden and dramatic changes in direction. Years of well-intentioned intervention may have no impact at all, yet the right intervention - at just the right time - can start a cascade of change. Many of the social ills that face us today, in other words, are as inherently volatile as the epidemics that periodically sweep through the human population: little things can cause them to 'tip' at any time and if we want to understand how to confront and solve them we have to understand what those 'Tipping Points' are. In this revolutionary new study, Malcolm Gladwell explores the ramifications of this. Not simply for politicians and policy-makers, his method provides a new way of viewing everyday experience and enables us to develop strategies for everything from raising a child to running a company."
"9780140445503 The dazzling and exuberant moral stories of Rabelais (c. 1471-1553) expose human follies with their mischievous and often obscene humour, while intertwining the realistic with carnivalesque fantasy to make us look afresh at the world. Gargantua depicts a young giant, reduced to laughable insanity by an education at the hands of paternal ignorance, old crones and syphilitic professors, who is rescued and turned into a cultured Christian knight. And in Pantagruel and its three sequels, Rabelais parodied tall tales of chivalry and satirized the law, theology and academia to portray the bookish son of Gargantua who becomes a Renaissance Socrates, divinely guided in his wisdom, and his idiotic, self-loving companion Panurge."
"9783861878759 The young men of Kingdome 19 all have at least one prominent talent...and it is wonderfully set into scene in these exceedingly aesthetic photos. Powerful and archaic, these wonderful photos, all hand-finished, bring viewers to a place between yesterday and tomorrow. Viewers can see young men in classic poses who radiate power, vulnerability and an intense melancholy."
"9781555837235 Exhilerating...irreverent, and extremely funny, - Ms, Seventeen and sure of nothing, Maria has left her parents' small-town grocery for university life in Dublin. An ad in the Student Union-2 FEMALE SYMBOL] seek flatmate. No bigots.-leads Maria to a home with warm Ruth and wickedly funny Jael, students who are older and more fascinating than she'd expected. A poignant, funny, and sharply insightful coming-of-age story, Stir-fry is a lesbian novel that explores the conundrum of desire arising in the midst of friendship and probes feminist ideas of sisterhood and nonpossessiveness. Emma Donoghue is the author of the forthcoming Slammerkin, Hood and Kissing the Witch . Born in Dublin, she now lives in Ontario, Canada. Stir-fry was her first novel. Also Available by Emma Donoghue Hood TP 11.95, 1-55583-453-1 CUSA"
"9780751504354 Violent riots formented by foreign agents are breaking out in South Korea. Seizing the opportunity, North Korea launches a lightning invasion, with heavy Soviet support, whose aim is to unite North and South under Communist rule. The second Korean War has begun and World War III may be imminent."
"9780099422686 ""Victor Mancini has devised a complicated scam to pay for his mother's hospital care- pretend to be choking on a piece of food in a restaurant and the person who 'saves you' will feel responsible for you for the rest of their lives. Multiply that a couple of hundred times and you generate a healthy flow of cheques, week in, week out. Victor also works at a theme park with a motley group of losers, cruises sex addiction groups for action, and visits his mother, whose Alzheimer's disease now hides what may be the startling truth about his parentage."""
"9780802133113 ""It's the women who upset the applecart. Between themselves they talk only about the practicalities of life"", declares Duras in this collection of her transcribed conversations with friend Jerome Beaujour. Some of her free-ranging meditations are short and deceptively simple, while many are autobiographical and reveal her most intimate thoughts about motherhood, her struggle with alcohol, her love for a young man, and more."
"9780679737117 In the heart of Botswana, the live of three ex-patriate Americans--a contract CIA agent undercover in the guise of an English instructor at a private school, his disaffected wife, and an iconoclastic black holistic physician--entangle with that of a local populist leader as a violent insurrection erupts in the area. Reader's Guide available. Reprint. 10,000 first printing."
"9780060916510 John Buddy Pearson, a young Black man who becomes a popular pastor at Zion Hope, is unable to reconcile his good intentions and his natural instincts"
"9780552998772 The divinely human comedy that began with Tales of the Cityrolls recklessly along as Michael Tolliver pursues his favourite gynaecologist, Mona Ramsey uncovers her roots in a desert whorehouse, and Mary Ann Singleton finds love at sea with the amnesiac of her dreams."
"9780439411370 As Tilt, Perry, Sammi, and Dominic prepare to ascend Mt. Everest, they must deal with low supplies, high altitude, dangerous terrain, government officials, sabotage, and an approaching storm."
"9780446676434 Frannie O'Neill is a young and talented veterinarian living in Colorado. Plagued by the mysterious murder of her husband, David, a local doctor, Frannie throws herself into her work. It is not long before another bizarre murder occurs and Kit Harrison, a troubled and unconventional FBI agent, arrives on her doorstep. Late one night, near the woods of her animal hospital, Frannie stumbles upon a strange, astonishing phenomenon that will change the course of her life forever.... Her name is Max. With breathtaking energy, eleven-year-old Max leads Frannie and Kit to uncover one of the most diabolical and inhuman plots of modern science. When the Wind Blows is as unique a story as has ever been told, filled with suspense and passion."
9780525948926 Government leaders seeking control over all business become increasingly frantic as major industrial companies are being thrown into chaos following the sudden disappearance of their leaders.
"9780553271096 A legendary but roguish U.S. Army general confronting the end of his illustrious military career, MacKenzie Hawkins conceives an intricate plot to kidnap the pope and hold him for a ransom of one dollar for every Catholic in the world. Reissue."
"9780874778717 The pioneering creator of transformative workshops and books, Dr. Jean Houston here explores the nature of spiritual yearning and demonstrates to readers how to facilitate a personal quest for fulfillment by focusing on the aspects of Sacred Psychology. Houston provides a passport to the wondrous and tragic dimensions of the human psyche."
"9780800638184 A second edition of a 1996 volume has been fully updated and expanded with new resources, examples, vignettes, diagnostic exercises and case studies; addresses the how and why of theological sources, moves and methods; and guides readers into the authors' own theological roots and then into major theological topics through real-life case studies. Original."
"9780373246472 Prince Jefri of Bahania had just been bested ... by a woman! And not just any female, but Billie Van Horn, his gorgeous, take-no-prisoners flight instructor who was more than a match for this ultramasculine male. Well, she might be an ace in the air, but when it came to romance Billie was determined to keep both feet on the ground. So why did the sexy sheik make her feel as if she were soaring high above the clouds? She knew that when royal honor called, her high-born lover would fly from her side forever ... unless Jefri defied his destiny and chose love ..."
"9780922729487 What is the difference between a soul mate, a karmic relationship and the one-and-only divine partner called a twin flame? Learn why all these relationships are so very important in our pursuit of the highest form of love."
"9780764555893 Shows Web developers how to use two popular open source technologies, the PHP scripting language and MySQL database, to build Web database applications This updated edition covers changes in PHP 5 and the latest version of MySQL, including programming techniques for the new PHP default setting, methods for handling MySQL security problems, and extended information about Apache Web Server and Mac OS X versions of PHP and MySQL Explains how to install Windows, Linux, and Mac OS X versions of PHP and MySQL Includes two complete sample applications: an online catalog and a members-only Web site Features a companion Web site with code examples from the book and links to the author's successful site Kevin Beaver has more than fifteen years of experience in security and information technology, specializing in security assessments and incident response Features a companion Web site with links to various utilities discussed throughout the book and practical security checklists"
"9780141180946 This collection of pithy, brilliantly acerbic pieces is a companion to Sixty Stories, Barthelme's earlier retrospective volume. Barthelme spotlights the idiosyncratic, haughty, sometimes downright ludicrous behavior of human beings, but it is style rather than content which takes precedence."
"9781561706600 ""Wokini, "" translated from Lakota, means ""seeking a new beginning."" On that theme, the famous athlete joins the bestselling author to blend modern therapeutic principles and Native American tradition."
"9780060977085 Something is wrong with Eddie Hobson Sr., father of four, sometime history teacher, quiz master, black humorist and virtuoso invalid. His recurring fainting spells have worsened, and with his ingrained aversion to doctors, his worried family tries to discover the nature of his sickness. Meanwhile, in private, Eddie puts the finishing touches on a secret project he calls Hobbstown, a place that he promises will save him, the world and everything that's in it. A dazzling novel of compassion and imagination, Prisoner's Dilemma is a story of the power of invalid experience."
"9780520231511 ""Undertaker of the Mind is the most splendid piece of original research for many a year on the early history of British psychiatry. Brilliantly exploiting hitherto unused documentation, Andrews and Scull bring the once murky world of the eighteenth- century mad-doctor to life, and dispel many deeply embedded myths in the process. Absolutely essential reading!""--Roy Porter, author of The Creation of the Modern World ""This is a wonderfully well-written work... The authors reconstruct, in rich and convincing detail, the dilemmas faced by Monro, his patients, their families, and the broader culture when confronted with psychological distress.""--Joel Braslow, author of Mental Ills and Bodily Cures ""A telling reconstruction of the ideas and practice of probably the most famous psychiatrist in eighteenth-century Britain.... The analyses of Monro's more famous cases, Cruden, Ferrers, etc., are both stimulating and entertaining.""--William Bynum, author of Science and the Practice of Medicine in the Nineteenth Century"
9780679801115 Alanna achieves the honor of becoming Prince Jonathan's squire and must be strong and courageous in order to protect him from the destructive forces of the evil sorcerer. Reprint.
"9780785113447 The most deadly man in the Marvel Universe--The Punisher--might finally meet his match as the Man Without Fear, Daredevil, the Amazing Spider-Man, and the X-Men's Wolverine join forces to finally bring Frank Castle's killing spree to an end."
"9781556615429 Rachel Langley and Betsy Brady have fulfilled a seven-year transportation sentence in Australia. Weakened through years of servitude, they soon realize that freedom is a constant battle for survival. When Betsy is mysteriously murdered, Rachel flees for her own safety and finds refuge with Reverend Whitley. Her intent is to find Betsy's murderer but her own life is in grave danger."
"9780231124928 Calls upon intellectuals on the left to once again engage American public life and resist the trappings of knee-jerk negativism, intellectual fads, and political orthodoxy. Gitlin argues for a renewed sense of patriotism based on the ideals of sacrifice, tough-minded criticism, and a willingness to look anew at the global role of the United States in the aftermath of 9/11. [Publisher web site]."
"9780553103748 An illustrated, large-format edition of the best-seller has been expanded to encompass the remarkable advances that have occurred in science and technology over the past eight years, with a new chapter on Wormholes and Time Travel and more than 240 full-color, captioned illustrations. 100,000 first printing."
"9780836218527 The magical friendship shared by Calvin and his stuffed tiger Hobbes endeared them to millions of fans. In The Calvin and Hobbes Lazy Sunday Book their friendship endures in a full-color collection of Sunday cartoons and original art done for the book, all fit for a lazy Sunday afternoon. Whether visiting other planets as Spaceman Spiff, transmogrifying into a dangerous dinosaur, or just hanging around with Hobbes, Calvin's adventures are a showcase for the masterful art of Bill Watterson. The enlarged format of full-color Sunday illustrations provides more room for all the action and imagination inherent in each Calvin and Hobbes cartoon. Readers will delight in pages enlivened with the bright color images of this precocious pair embroiled in all kinds of predicaments. Watterson engaged readers of all ages with the seemingly endless imagination of Calvin, tempered by the more thoughtful Hobbes. The Calvin and Hobbes Lazy Sunday Book provides many lazy Sunday afternoons of smiles and laughter. Online: gocomics.com/calvinandhobbes/"
"9780471705222 IT's Going Global... From Shanghai to San Francisco, IT is playing an increasingly vital role in helping organizations gain the competitive advantage around the globe. That's why the Fifth Edition of ""Information Technology for Management"" offers a global perspective on how IT is transforming business. In this comprehensive, up-to-date Fifth Edition, Efraim Turban, Ephraim McLean, James Wetherbe, and new coauthor Dorothy Leidner present late-breaking developments in the field, as well as a new chapter on Global Interorganizational Systems. IT's About Transformation: The text focuses on how organizations operate and compete in the digital economy, and how IT can assist this transformation. The new edition also features increased strategy coverage. IT's Current: The Fifth Edition introduces new research, current examples and case studies, and updated reference materials. IT's Managerial: The text's strong managerial orientation makes IT relevant and interesting to business students. Technological topics are conveniently covered in six technology guides at the end of the text. IT's Wireless: A special chapter covers innovations and opportunities in mobile computing and the wireless revolution. IT's Hands-on: Students solve realistic IT problems when they are ""hired"" as interns at The Wireless Cafe, a simulated high-tech restaurant in Shanghai."
"9780440216803 Malcolm Struan, the heir to the most powerful English trading company in the Orient, finds his fate intertwined with that of a beautiful young French woman"
"9780426203674 The script editor of the Doctor Who television series from 1987 to 1989 returns with the second adventure in the Cat's Cradle series of Doctor Who novels. As destruction of the environment reaches the point of no return, multinational corporations and super-rich individuals unite in a desperate effort. If Earth is to survive, somebody has to stop them. . . ."
"9780439176873 As they walk the line between success and destruction, Tal and Milla search for hope in a realm where old wars throw the ultimate power up for the control of anyone strong enough to hold it."
"9780967469782 While the notion that “happiness can found within oneself” has recently become popular, Buddhism has taught for thousands of years that every person is a Buddha, or enlightened being, and has the potential for true and lasting happiness. Through real-life examples, the authors explain how adopting this outlook has positive effects on one’s health, relationships, and career, and gives new insights into world environmental concerns, peace issues, and other major social problems."
"9780024181909 The only style manual ever to appear on the best-seller lists offers practical, fundamental advice on improving writing skills, promoting a style marked by simplicity, orderliness, and sincerity"
"9780534491826 Using the C++ programming language, author Adam Drozdek highlights three important aspects of data structures and algorithms. First, the book places special emphasis on the connection between data structures and their algorithms, including an analysis of the algorithms' complexity. Second, the book presents data structures in the context of object-oriented program design, stressing the principle of information hiding in its treatment of encapsulation and decomposition. Finally, the book closely examines data structure implementation. Overall, this practical and theoretical book prepares students with a solid foundation in data structures for future courses and work in design implementation, testing, or maintenance of virtually any software system. Important Notice: Media content referenced within the product description or the product text may not be available in the ebook version."
"9780824512590 Ruminates on the problems, and possible solutions, in today's Christian leadership, offering a rethinking of how to lead, one based more firmly on divine guidance"
"9780375726729 While on a ship bound for Turkey, Graham, an English armaments expert, discovers that he has become the intended victim of a murder plot by Nazi assassins out to prevent his return to England with plans for a Turkish defense system. Reprint. 12,500 first printing."
"9780345439109 An Oprah Book Club selection and bestseller in hardcover, ""Drowning Ruth""--now in paperback--is a stunning portrait of the ties that bind sisters together and the forces that tear them apart. Schwarz's first novel explores themes of family love, sibling rivalry, duty, loyalty, and a possible murder."
"9780380777587 Employing her talents with the martial arts and disguise, Melanie Wyatt smuggles stolen goods to buy freedom for enslaved Chinese children, until Alex McClure, the agent hired to investigate, uncovers her operation and her vulnerable heart. Original."
"9780099449867 These seven stories were the last that Carver wrote. Among them is one of his longest, 'Errand', in which he imagines the death of Chekhov, a writer Carver hugely admired and to whose work his own was often compared. This fine story suggests that the greatest of modern short-story writers may, in the year before his untimely death, have been flexing his muscles for a longer work."
"9781416947400 He’s Just Not That Into You—based on a popular episode of Sex and the City—is tough love advice for otherwise smart women on how to tell when a guy just doesn’t like them enough, so they can stop wasting time making excuses for a dead-end relationship. It’s the best relationship advice you’ll ever receive. For ages, women have come together over coffee, cocktails, or late-night phone chats to analyze the puzzling behavior of men. He’s afraid to get hurt again. Maybe he doesn’t want to ruin the friendship. Maybe he’s intimidated by me. He just got out of a relationship. Greg Behrendt and Liz Tuccillo are here to say that—despite good intentions—you’re wasting your time. Men are not complicated, although they’d like you to think they are. And there are no mixed messages. The truth may be, He’s just not that into you. Unfortunately, guys are too terrified to ever directly tell a woman, “You're not the one.” But their actions absolutely show how they feel. Reexamining familiar scenarios and classic mindsets that keep us in unsatisfying relationships, Behrendt and Tuccillo’s wise and wry understanding of the sexes spares women hours of waiting by the phone, obsessing over the details with sympathetic girlfriends, and hoping his mixed messages really mean, “I’m in love with you and want to be with you.” He’s Just Not That Into You is provocative, hilarious, and, above all, intoxicatingly liberating. It deserves a place on every woman’s night table. It knows you’re a beautiful, smart, funny woman who deserves better. The next time you feel the need to start “figuring him out,” consider the glorious thought that maybe, He’s just not that into you. And then set yourself loose to go find the one who is. This NEWLY EXPANDED EDITION includes: a new foreword from Greg Behrendt; a new chapter—providing an honest look at the stages of life after He's Just Not That Into You, according to Liz, including exaltation, loneliness, temptation, and balance; and Greg and Liz address the most frequently asked reader questions."
"9780786813858 Chanel's passion for fashion gets the best of her when she goes on a clothes shopping spree with her mother's credit card, until the credit trail catches up with her and she is forced to pay up. Original. 50,000 first printing."
"9780553584486 When a Hollywood star becomes the target of a twisted killer, ex-cop Ethan Truman confronts the secrets of his tragic past and premonitions of his own impending violent death as he struggles to solve the macabre riddles of a killer."
"9780495006855 This cutting-edge, applied book highlights the relevance of sociology by including a diverse collection of theories, research, and lived experiences that accurately mirror the diversity in society itself. The author’s vivid, applied, personal writing style engages students, and activates compelling everyday examples that make sociology particularly relevant to today’s diverse students. SOCIOLOGY IN OUR TIMES is noted for its especially strong integration of engaging Lived Experiences - extended examples that focus on various issues to illustrate chapter coverage. These extended examples are introduced with the vignette that opens each chapter and are then carried throughout the chapter in various boxes, features, and exercises. Kendall’s text is acclaimed in the field for being the first textbook to integrate race, class, and gender issues, and for its thorough presentation of sociological theory, which includes diverse theoretical viewpoints such as feminist and postmodernist theory. Kendall shows students that sociology involves important questions and issues that they confront both personally and vicariously. Important Notice: Media content referenced within the product description or the product text may not be available in the ebook version."
"9780684859231 To Have and Have Not is the dramatic, brutal story of Harry Morgan, an honest boat owner who is forced into running contraband between Cuba and Key West as a means of keeping his crumbling family financially afloat. His adventures lead him into the world of the wealthy and dissipated yachtsmen who swarm the region, and involve him in a strange and unlikely love affair. In this harshly realistic, yet oddly tender and wise novel, Hemingway perceptively delineates the personal struggles of both the ""haves"" and the ""have nots"" and creates one of the most subtle and moving portraits of a love affair in his oeuvre. In turn funny and tragic, lively and poetic, remarkable in its emotional impact, To Have and Have Not takes literary high adventure to a new level. As the Times Literary Supplement observed, ""Hemingway's gift for dialogue, for effective understatement, and for communicating such emotions the tough allow themselves, has never been more conspicuous."""
"9780743211482 More than one hundred previously unpublished poems by Dorothy Parker scrutinize the perils and folly of love, experiment with various rhyme schemes, and tackle topical views of the times in which she lived. Reprint. 12,500 first printing."
"9780446691406 A fable satirizing Spenser's ""The Fairie Queen"" and reflecting the real life of Elizabeth I, tells of a woman who ascends to the throne upon the death of her debauched and corrupted father, King Hern. Gloriana's reign brings the Empire of Albion into a Golden Age, but her oppressive responsibilities choke her, prohibiting any form of sexual satisfaction, no matter what fetish she tries. Her problem is in fact symbolic of the hypocrisy of her entire court. While her life is meant to mirror that of her nation - an image of purity, virtue, enlightenment and prosperity - the truth is that her peaceful empire is kept secure by her wicked chancellor Monfallcon and his corrupt network of spies and murderers, the most sinister of whom is Captain Quire, who is commissioned to seduce Gloriana and thus bring down Albion and the entire empire."
"9780373638161 Kane, Brigid, and Grant are sent on a trans-mat jump from the Outlands to Ireland to investigate the alien Archons, but what they find are wild hinterlands populated by holocaust survivors who have reverted back to the clan system. Original."
"9780618260300 A newly rejacketed edition of the classic tale chronicles the adventures of the inhabitants of Middle-earth and of Bilbo Baggins, the hobbit who brought home to The Shire the One Ring of Power."
"9780470038321 Too many personal finance consultants offer financial advice that ignores the big picture and instead focuses on investing. You need much more than that to plan your future. You need a broader understanding of personal finance that includes all areas of your financial life in order to become financially sound. Personal Finance for Dummies, 5th Edition is full of detailed, action-oriented financial advice that will show you how to lower expenses and tame debts as well as invest wisely to achieve your financial goals! Now in its 5th edition, this up-to-date guide covers all the latest trends to ensure your financial stability. Just some of the updates and revisions include: Reviews of the new and revised tax laws and how to take advantage of them The latest scoop on Medicare and Social Security and what it means for you Updated investment advice on mutual funds and other managed investments Enhanced smart spending tips Coverage of new bankruptcy laws and how to eliminate consumer debt Smart ways to use credit and improve credit scores Expanded coverage on educational savings options This hands-on, straightforward guide features ways to survive life changes such as starting your first job, getting married, having children, and retiring, as well as helpful tactics for preventing identity theft and fraud. With Personal Finance for Dummies, 5th Edition, you’ll be able to achieve financial strength and start concentrating on the more important things in life!"
"9780842360616 In the final chapter of the Left Behind saga, the horrors of the Tribulation are over and Jesus Christ has set up his perfect kingdom on earth, but as believers all around the world enjoy a newly perfected relationship with their Lord, evil still lurks in the hearts of the unbelieving. 500,000 first printing. $250,000 ad/promo."
"9780440416883 When her married nanny returns to take care of her while her parents are away in France, Harriet hears something curious that makes her think Ole Golly is in some sort of trouble."
"9780199265770 The Church in Ancient Society provides a full and enjoyable narrative history of the first six centuries of the Christian Church. Ancient Greek and Roman society had many gods and an addiction to astrology and divination. This introduction to the period traces the process by which Christianitychanged this and so provided a foundation for the modern world: the teaching of Jesus created a lasting community, which grew to command the allegiance of the Roman emperor. Christianity is discussed in relation to how it appeared to both Jews and pagans, and how its Christian doctrine and practicewere shaped in relation to Graeco-Roman culture and the Jewish matrix. Among the major figures discussed are Tertullian, Clement of Alexandria, Origen, Constantine, Julian the Apostate, Basil, Ambrose, and Augustine.Following a chronological approach, Henry Chadwick's clear exposition of important texts and theological debates in their historical context is unrivalled in detail. In particular, theological and ecclesial texts are examined in relation to the behaviour and beliefs of people who attended churchesand synagogues. Christians did not find agreement and unity easy and the author displays a distinctive concern for the factors - theological, personal, and political - which caused division in the church and prevented reconciliation. The emperors, however, began to foster unity for political reasonsand to choose monotheism. Finally, the Church captured the society."
"9780749858537 Little Miss Bad is not good. Far from it. In fact, about as far as you can get, which is a long way Can Little Miss Sunshine trick Little Miss Bad into confessing all her wrongdoings?"
"9781862074057 Pakistan, Summer 1998: hot, with a late monsoon and the occasional nuclear test. In Lahore, Daru Shezad loses his job. While the jet set parties behind high walls, the economy crumbles and Daru's electricity is cut off. Soon he has fallen for his best friend's wife, started mixing heroin with his hash and joined forces with a criminal rickshaw driver. Moth Smoke is the story of Daru's spectacular"
"9780440229209 Provides the true story of the actions that led to the raising of the flag at Iwo Jima by the American Marines in February 1945, complete with maps and an eight-page photo insert. Reissue."
"9780812513752 The Wheel of Time ® is a PBS Great American Read Selection! Now in development for TV! Since its debut in 1990, The Wheel of Time® by Robert Jordan has captivated millions of readers around the globe with its scope, originality, and compelling characters. The Wheel of Time turns and Ages come and go, leaving memories that become legend. Legend fades to myth, and even myth is long forgotten when the Age that gave it birth returns again. In the Third Age, an Age of Prophecy, the World and Time themselves hang in the balance. What was, what will be, and what is, may yet fall under the Shadow. On the slopes of Shayol Ghul, the Myrddraal swords are forged, and the sky is not the sky of this world; In Salidar the White Tower in exile prepares an embassy to Caemlyn, where Rand Al'Thor, the Dragon Reborn, holds the throne--and where an unexpected visitor may change the world.... In Emond's Field, Perrin Goldeneyes, Lord of the Two Rivers, feels the pull of ta'veren to ta'veren and prepares to march... Morgase of Caemlyn finds a most unexpected, and quite unwelcome, ally....And south lies Illian, where Sammael holds sway... TV series update: ""Sony will produce along with Red Eagle Entertainment and Radar Pictures. Rafe Judkins is attached to write and executive produce. Judkins previously worked on shows such as ABC’s “Agents of SHIELD,” the Netflix series “Hemlock Grove,” and the NBC series “Chuck.” Red Eagle partners Rick Selvage and Larry Mondragon will executive produce along with Radar’s Ted Field and Mike Weber. Darren Lemke will also executive produce, with Jordan’s widow Harriet McDougal serving as consulting producer."" —Variety The Wheel of Time® New Spring: The Novel #1 The Eye of the World #2 The Great Hunt #3 The Dragon Reborn #4 The Shadow Rising #5 The Fires of Heaven #6 Lord of Chaos #7 A Crown of Swords #8 The Path of Daggers #9 Winter's Heart #10 Crossroads of Twilight #11 Knife of Dreams By Robert Jordan and Brandon Sanderson #12 The Gathering Storm #13 Towers of Midnight #14 A Memory of Light By Robert Jordan and Teresa Patterson The World of Robert Jordan's The Wheel of Time By Robert Jordan, Harriet McDougal, Alan Romanczuk, and Maria Simons The Wheel of Time Companion By Robert Jordan and Amy Romanczuk Patterns of the Wheel: Coloring Art Based on Robert Jordan's The Wheel of Time"
"9781563896002 Imagine if every paranoid fantasy, every conspiracy theory, every alleged cover-up and government deception, every tabloid story you've ever heard ...were true. Discover a world where paranoia is a survival skill and the only hope for mankind is a group of unconventional occultist freedom fighters-The Invisibles."
9780739447345 Amateur sleuth Alvirah Meehan and private investigator Regan Reilly join together to solve a case involving an eighty-foot blue spruce tree destined for Rockefeller Center and a recently released prisoner.
"9780140441734 One of the key figures of the French Enlightenment, Denis Diderot was a passionate critic of conventional morality, society and religion. Among his greatest and most well-known works, these two dialogues are dazzling examples of his radical scientific and philosophical beliefs. In Rameau's Nephew, the eccentric and foolish nephew of the great composer Jean-Philippe Rameau meets Diderot by chance, and the two embark on a hilarious consideration of society, music, literature, politics, morality and philosophy. Its companion-piece, D'Alembert's Dream, outlines a material, atheistic view of the universe, expressed through the fevered dreams of Diderot's friend D'Alembert. Unpublished during his lifetime, both of these powerfully controversial works show Diderot to be one of the most advanced thinkers of his age, and serve as fascinating testament to the philosopher's wayward genius."
9781842931530 The author of Heaven's Mirror and The Mars Mystery presents evidence that the legend of Beowulf originated in an ancient human sacrifice ritual that was suppressed in Britain and later found expression in this compelling tale. Original.
"9780590254762 Four English school children enter the magic land of Narnia through the back of a wardrobe and assist Aslan, the golden lion, in defeating the White Witch who has cursed the land with eternal winter."
"9780345479457 As a mad arsonist known as an Enfer scheme terrorizes the inhabitants of Gotham City, a fire at Arkham Asylum is engineered to provide an escape opportunity for its most infamous inmate, the Joker, who comes up with a scheme to launch the ultimate crime wave, disguised as the Caped Crusader himself. Original."
"9781402580352 Princess Arnelle ""Nell"" wants to be the next Imperial Wizard of Eldearth. This is going to be tough because no girl has ever been a wizard."
"9780449911839 The daughter of a nonbelieving Jewish mother and a nonbelieving gentile father--dedicated Communists both--Davita Chandal, growing up as the world suffers through the Spanish Civil War and World War II, turns to Judaism for consolation and spiritual sustenance"
"9780198752752 Sir Anthony Kenny continues his magisterial new history of Western philosophy with a fascinating guide through more than a millennium of thought from 400 AD onwards, charting the story of philosophy from the founders of Christian and Islamic thought through to the Renaissance. The middle ages saw a great flourishing of philosophy, and the intellectual endeavour of the era reaches its climax in the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries, with the systems of such great thinkers as Thomas Aquinas and John Duns Scotus. Specially written for a broad popular readership, but serious and deep enough to offer a genuine understanding of the great philosophers, Kenny's lucid and stimulating history will become the definitive work for anyone interested in the people and ideas that shaped the course of Western thought. - ;Sir Anthony Kenny continues his magisterial new history of Western philosophy with a fascinating guide through more than a millennium of thought from 400 AD onwards, charting the story of philosophy from the founders of Christian and Islamic thought through to the Renaissance.The middle ages saw a great flourishing of philosophy, and the intellectual endeavour of the era reaches its climax in the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries, with the systems of the great schoolmen such as Thomas Aquinas and John Duns Scotus. Specially written for a broad popular readership, but serious and deep enough to offer a genuine understanding of the great philosophers, Kenny's lucid and stimulating history will become the definitive work for anyone interested in the people and ideas that shaped the course of Western thought. - ;from the reviews of the preceding volume..... This wonderful book . . . is not only an authoritative guide to the history of philosophy but also a compelling introduction to every major area of philosophical inquiry. . . . Kennys prose is exceptionally clear . . . He conveys his rich subject matter with a light touch of which only the greatest of writers are capable. . . . This, combined with his breadth and depth of learning and philosophical sophistication, make reading this book hugely rewarding. It is also worth mentioning that the book is beautifully illustrated . . . One is left eager for subsequent volumes and convinced that the intellectual cosmos is, indeed, boundlessly rich. - James Ladyman, Times Higher Education Supplement"
"9780140065503 Mungo Park, based on a real-life African explorer, and Ned Rise, a scoundrel, pimp, thief, and cheat, travel about Africa and meet up with a varied assortment of characters--native and colonial, antic and dangerous"
9780521386739 Dr Tainter describes nearly two dozen cases of collapse and reviews more than 2000 years of explanations. He then develops a new and far-reaching theory.
"9780312286217 Provides a series of warm-ups and practical exercises for aspiring writers that address such issues as fear of failure, dyslexia, writer's block, rewriting, and related matters. Reprint. 15,000 first printing."
"9780440238157 Lyra and Will find themselves at the center of a battle between the forces of the Authority and those gathered by Lyra's father, Lord Asriel."
"9780596006624 The author examines issues such as the rightness of web-based applications, the programming language renaissance, spam filtering, the Open Source Movement, Internet startups and more. He also tells important stories about the kinds of people behind technical innovations, revealing their character and their craft."
"9780590103879 A Down-to-Earth Approach James Henslin shares the excitement of sociology with his acclaimed down-to-earth approach and personal writing style. Sociology: A Down-to-Earth Approach, 12/e, highlights the sociology of everyday life and its relevance to students' lives. Six central themes help students stimulate their sociological imagination: down-to-earth sociology, globalization, cultural diversity, critical thinking, the new technology, and the influence of the mass media on our lives. MySocLab is an integral part of the Henslin program. Engaging activities and assessments provide a teaching and learning system that helps students discover sociology in their lives. With MySocLab, students can watch videos on sociological core concepts, explore real-world sociology through the new Social Explorer, and develop critical thinking skills through writing. This title is available in a variety of formats and prices - digital and print. Pearson offers its titles on the devices students love through Pearson's MyLab products, CourseSmart, Amazon, and more."
"9780345452511 A woman stumbles upon a mysterious portal that links back to the Firstborn, omnipotent beings responsible for the upheaval of history and the creators of the notorious black monolith of ""2001: A Space Odyssey."""
"9780425147511 Millionaire investigator Alex Hunter meets exciting, desirable Joanna Rand while on a mission in Japan but finds that she is a Senator's daughter who disappeared 10 years ago and now has a new identity. By a #1 best-selling author. Reissue."
"9780449911945 Winner of the Pulitzer Prize, the Howells Medal, and the National Book Critics Circle Award In John Updike's fourth and final novel about Harry “Rabbit” Angstrom, the hero has acquired a Florida condo, a second grandchild, and a troubled, overworked heart. His son, Nelson, is behaving erratically; his daughter-in-law, Pru, is sending him mixed signals; and his wife, Janice, decides in midlife to return to the world of work. As, through the year of 1989, Reagan's debt-ridden, AIDS-plagued America yields to that of the first George Bush, Rabbit explores the bleak terrain of late middle age, looking for reasons to live and opportunities to make peace with a remorselessly accumulating past."
"9780375704253 A study of the dark legacy of racial intolerance and prejudice profiles the lives and fortunes of seven white Mississippi sheriffs, immortalized in a haunting 1962 LIFE magazine photograph, who took part in the violence that resulted from James Meredith's attempt to integrate the University of Mississippi, and it influence on their own lives and the lives of their children and grandchildren. Reprint. 25,000 first printing."
9780060833183 The trials of Dr. Daniel Waterhouse and the Natural Philosophers increase one hundredfold in an England plagued by the impending war and royal insecurities -- as the beautiful and ambitious Eliza plays a most dangerous game as double agent and confidante of enemy kings.
"9780310257868 Over one million people have experienced the groundbreaking evangelism training course Becoming a Contagious Christian -- a proven resource designed to equip believers for relational evangelism. Now revised and updated, it avoids stereotyped approaches that feel intimidating to many Christians -- and to their friends! Instead, it shows ordinary believers how to share the gospel in natural and effective ways being the person God made them to be. This participant's guide is designed to help you get the most out of the Becoming a Contagious Christian course. By applying training principles to real-life situations and relationships, you'll identify and develop an evangelism style that's effective for you. DVD segments, as well as individual and group activities, will help you gain confidence and equip you to: Discover your own style of communicating about Christ Build spiritually significant relationships Direct conversations toward matters of faith Tell your own story of coming to faith Use easy-to-remember gospel illustrations Pray with someone to receive Christ, and more! Designed for use with the revised and updated Becoming a Contagious Christian kit and small group DVD editions."
"9780486447780 Collection of the notorious poet's essays transcends the squalor of his financial ruin and the torture of physical decline to offer compelling thoughts on his world, society, and philosophy."
"9780679767398 Years after their separation, two Japanese childhood sweethearts are reunited, and happily married Hajime finds himself prepared to risk everything for the chance to be with his now mysterious first love Shinamoto. Reprint. 20,000 first printing."
"9780805372762 ""This workbook is an excellent tool for use by itself or with any human anatomy & physiology text. Along with its review of the human body from microscopic to macroscopic levels, the workbook also includes clinically oriented activities. Practice makes perfect with a wide variety of exercises - ""At the clinic"" questions help you apply what you learn to real-life clinical settings; ""Incredible journey"" visualization exercises in each chapter summarize chapter content; the many written exercises include completion from a selection of key choices, matching terms or descriptions, labeling diagrams, true/false, and definition questions. Elimination questions require you to discover the similarities or dissimilarities among a number of structures or objects; more than 100 coloring exercises reinforce concepts through active learning."" - back cover."
"9780060880125 Sixteen-year-old Steph Landry finds an old book on how to be popular and decides to change her social status by following its advice, much to the bafflement of her two best friends."
"9781590583425 Faye Longchamp and Joe Wolf Mantooth have traveled to Neshoba County, Mississippi, to help excavate a site near Nanih Waiya, the sacred mound where tradition says the Choctaw nation was born.When farmer Carroll Calhoun refuses the archaeologists’ request to investigate an ancient Native American mound, Faye and her colleagues are disappointed. But his next action breaks their hearts: he tries to bulldoze the huge relic to the ground. Faye and Joe rush to protect history with their bodies, if necessary. The situation grows more dangerous as Choctaws arrive to defend the mound and the farmer’s white and black neighbors come to defend his property rights. A popular young sheriff is able to defuse the situation, but tempers are short. That night, Calhoun is found dead, his throat sliced with a handmade stone blade. Was he killed by an archaeologist angered by his wanton destruction of history? Did a Choctaw take up arms to defend an embattled heritage? Did someone decide to even the score with an old rival? The sheriff is well-aware that Faye and Joe were near the spot where Calhoun’s body was found. The whole county saw their confrontation with him over the mound. And their combined knowledge of stone tools is impressive. They had motive, means, and opportunity—but so did almost everyone in Neshoba County."
"9780299125400 Fifteen studies are grouped into three closely related themes identified as 1) textual construction of the professions--the ways in which texts help shape professional perspectives of human experience; 2) the dynamics of discourse communities--the discursive process as a means of enrolling outsiders into an insider's views and commitments; and 3) the dynamics of how texts, originating within specialized discourse communities, can profoundly influence a wide range of social activities. Paper edition (unseen), $15.75. Annotation copyrighted by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR"
"9780007154883 A selection of mysteries, some light-hearted, some romantic, some very deadly... Twelve tantalizing cases... the curious disappearance of Lord Listerdale; a newlywed's fear of her ex-fiance; a strange encounter on a train; a domestic murder investigation; a wild man's sudden personality change; a retired inspector's hunt for a murderess; a young woman's impersonation of a duchess; a necklace hidden in a basket of cherries; a mystery writer's arrest for murder; an astonishing marriage proposal; a soprano's hatred for a baritone; the case of the rajah's emerald. All have one thing in common: the skilful hand of Agatha Christie."
"9780443066016 Review text for anesthesiology residents. Comprehensively covers essential knowledge and includes all topic areas found on the ABA/ASA exam. Includes new discussions on cardiopulmonary bypass, off-pump coronary bypass, and automatic internal cardiac defibrillator procedures."
"9780571161157 Dog and cat owners are becoming increasingly concerned about the saftey of processed pet food and the possible side-effects of over-use of antibiotics and hormone treatments. This new edition, thoroughly revised and updated, covers Natural Rearing, herbal medicine and disease prevention."
"9780450524684 Written by the author of CARRIE, 'SALEM'S LOT, THE SHINING and CHRISTINE, this novel features Thad Beaumont, a Pulitzer Prize-winning author who has developed a lucrative thriller-writing alter ego named George Stark. He stops being fun so Beaumont wants to kill him."
"9780671447205 Tells the story of eleven-year old Pecola Breedlove, an African-American girl. She prays for her eyes to turn blue so that she will be as beautiful and beloved as all the blonde, blue-eyed children in America, people will notice her, and her world will be different. In the autumn of 1941, the year the marigolds in the Breedloves' garden do not bloom, Pecola's life changes in painful, devastating ways."
"9780736909525 The author of more than 40 books, LaHaye says The Rapture is the result of the most comprehensive study and research effort of his career. His complete, compelling defense of the pre-Tribulation theory prides a timeline and chart of the events of the Rapture, a strong case against mid- and post-Tribulation theories and more."
"9780743270755 An analysis of Abraham Lincoln's political talents identifies the character strengths and abilities that enabled his successful election, in an account that also describes how he used the same abilities to rally former opponents in winning the Civil War."
"9780439294843 For use in schools and libraries only. Truthful Wallace gives a thumbs-down to a book much to the chagrin of his English teacher, who sentences him to help with a stage version of the book. Wallace is unaware that his plot-improvement suggestions will wind up changing the entire production."
"9780385731829 Love spells run amok in New York City when high school freshman Rachel Weinstein asks her younger sister, who is a witch, for magical help in winning the affection of heartthrob Raf Kosravi."
9780676977110 A gothic tour de force. A meditation on mortality and lost innocence: a portrait of adolescence as that hinge moment in life when self-knowledge brings intimations of one's destiny.
"9780452287075 Forced to flee their native Caribbean island after an attempted coup, the Garcias--Carlos, Laura, and their four daughters--must learn a new way of life in the Bronx, while trying to cling to the old ways that they loved."
"9780674295032 The Fate of Reason is the first general history devoted to the period between Kant and Fichte, one of the most revolutionary and fertile in modern philosophy. The philosophers of this time broke with the two central tenets of the modem Cartesian tradition: the authority of reason and the primacy of epistemology. They also witnessed the decline of the Aufkldrung, the completion of Kant's philosophy, and the beginnings of post-Kantian idealism. Thanks to Beiser we can newly appreciate the influence of Kant's critics on the development of his philosophy. Beiser brings the controversies, and the personalities who engaged in them, to life and tells a story that has uncanny parallels with the debates of the present."
"9780393322576 Released for the first time in paperback, this landmark social and political volume on feminism is credited with being responsible for raising awareness, liberating both sexes, and triggering major advances in the feminist movement. Reprint."
"9780739439708 Blending magic with quantum physics, Madeleine L'Engles's novels have mesmerized generations of readers. Rediscover these well-loved classics in our exclusive 4-in-1 omnibus edition. A Wrinkle in Time / A Wind in the Door / A Swiftly Tilting Planet."
"9780380803279 Saved by a mage's intervention from certain death, Kaspar, the evil Duke of Olasko, is lord no more -- reduced to an exile's existence and forced to wander the harshest realms of the world he once enslaved. Merciless deserts, forbidding mountains, and vast oceans now separate the once powerful despot from his former seat of power -- his dark dreams of vengeance overwhelmed by the daily struggle for survival. But there is a larger drama that will entangle the broken dictator. An evil devastating and deadly seeks entrance to the land -- the mystical tool of a dark empire hungry for conquest and destruction -- and Kaspar has inadvertently discovered the key. Suddenly, Midkemia's last hope is a disgraced and exiled duke whose history is written in blood, and who now must wield his sword as her champion . . . if he so chooses.."
"9780312353261 Emma Harte rises from impoverished, pregnant servant to the heights of wealth and power as she parlays a small shop into the world's finest department store, outwitting her enemies, seeking revenge on her betrayers, and realizing her greatest dreams."
"9780060218058 The Whangdoodle was once the wisest, the kindest, and the most extraordinary creature in the world. Then he disappeared and created a wonderful land for himself and all the other remarkable animals -- the ten-legged Sidewinders, the little furry Flukes, the friendly Whiffle Bird, and the treacherous, ""oily"" Prock. It was an almost perfect place where the last of the really great Whangdoodles could rule his kingdom with ""peace, love and a sense of fun""-- apart from and forgotten by people. But not completely forgotten. Professor Savant believed in the Whangdoodle. And when he told the three Potter children of his search for the spectacular creature, Lindy, Tom, and Ben were eager to reach Whangdoodleland. With the Professor's help, they discovered the secret way. But waiting for them was the scheming Prock, who would use almost any means to keep them away from his beloved king. Only by skill and determination were the four travelers able to discover the last of the really great Whangdoodles and grant him his heart's desire. Julie Andrews Edwards, star of stage and screen, has written a unique and beloved story that has become a modern classic. The Last of the Really Great Whangdoodles is sure to continue to delight readers everywhere. This edition includes a new foreword by the author."
9780385722438 Recounts what happens when the citizens of an island must rely on all their ingenuity to communicate in an increasingly limited language when the goverment progressively bans letters from the alphabet.
"9781400051533 Draws on the philosophy of seventh century B.C. Greek soldier and poet Archilochus to challenge assumptions about an inescapable conflict between science and the humanities, rebut ideas from Edward O. Wilson's Consilience, and explain why the pursuit of knowledge must always operate in tandem with nature. Reprint. 50,000 first printing."
"9780590428880 Because of her plumpness, Gwen is not allowed to go up on pointe and the Bunheads have begun calling her ""Blubberina,"" so the girls mobilize to help Gwen lose that extra weight and get her toe shoes."
"9780060885427 After an October blizzard, Laura's family moves from the claim shanty into town for the winter, a winter that an Indian has predicted will be seven months of bad weather. A Newbery Honor Book. Reissue."
"9780099468646 Earthly Powers traces eighty- one years in the life of a Somerset Maugham- type writer and lapsed Catholic called Kenneth Toomey. A popular, second- rate novelist/playwright, he spends a lifetime unsuccessfully trying to reconcile his homosexuality with his faith. This is also the story of Carlo Campanati, an earthy Italian priest linked with Toomey through family ties. With dazzlingly inventive narrative spanning six decades, Burgess draws in major events and characters of the century while exploring themes of universal significance."
"9780451527882 In the famed novel set against the backdrop of medieval Paris, Quasimodo, the hunchbacked bellringer of Notre-Dame Cathedral, struggles to save the beautiful gypsy dancer Esmeralda from being unjustly executed. Reissue."
"9781904271550 This second volume gives readers the First Quarto text of 1603 and The Folio Text of 1623, fully modernised and edited to the usual Arden standard. A companion to the core volume, it will be of particular interest to scholars and students of textual history, or to anyone studying Hamlet at an advanced level. Both play texts are fully edited and collated and the volume has a full Introduction which gives special attention to the 1603 First Quarto text This second volume gives readers the First Quarto text of 1603 and The Folio Text of 1623, fully modernised and edited to the usual Arden standard. A companion to the core volume, it will be of particular interest to scholars and students of textual history, or to anyone studying Hamlet at an advanced level. Both play texts are fully edited and collated and the volume has a full Introduction which gives special attention to the 1603 First Quarto text"
"9781843914112 An inspired work of science fiction and a biting political allegory, Bulgakov'sThe Fatal Eggstells of a brilliant scientist whose experiments with life spiral terribly—and fatefully—out of control. Quite by chance, Professor Persikov discovers a new form of light ray whose effect, when directed at living cells, is to accelerate growth in primitive organisms. But when this ray is shone on the wrong batch of eggs, the Professor finds himself both the unwilling creator of giant hybrids and the focus of a merciless press campaign. For it seems the propaganda machine has turned its gaze upon him, distorting his nature in the very way his “innocent” tampering created the monster snakes and crocodiles that now terrorize the neighborhood. Russian novelist and dramatist Mikhail Bulgakov is one of the foremost satirists of the 20th century."
"9780143038825 Argues that western foreign aid efforts have done little to stem global poverty, citing how such organizations as the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank are not held accountable for ineffective practices that the author believes intrude into the inner workings of other countries. By the author of The Elusive Quest for Growth. Reprint. 50,000 first printing."
"9780679643258 A single volume omnibus edition featuring Angelou's celebrated autobiographies contains I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings, Gather Together in My Name, Singin' and Swingin' and Gettin' Merry Like Christmas, The Heart of a Woman, All God's Children Need Traveling Shoes, and A Song Flung Up to Heaven. 20,000 first printing."
"9780156030304 With more than five million copies sold, ""Flowers for Algernon"" is the beloved, classic story of a mentally disabled man whose experimental quest for intelligence mirrors that of Algernon, an extraordinary lab mouse. High school & older."
9780446611916 Retired Army investigator Paul Brenner is called back into service to investigate the death of a soldier thirty years earlier in Vietnam--a case that stirs up many unpleasant memories. Reprint.
"9780679749844 While on holiday, a young couple meets the son of the local gentry and his wife and are drawn by sexual obsession into a nightmare of violence"
"9780312940980 The three magically talented Fortune sisters--Dee, a shape-shifter; Lizzie, who possesses the power to transform objects; and telekinetic Mare--find love with three seductive and unusual men, while struggling to cope with a villain who will do anything to steal their magical gifts, in a novel by three popular romance novelists. Original."
9780373835492 The second of six special Georgette Heyer Collector Editions offered by Harlequin throughout 2003 features this hard-to-find Regency romance and a special Foreword by Kay Hooper. Reissue.
"9780758210371 After discovering a letter to Jane Austen from Fitzwilliam Darcy--a supposedly fictional character--in the back of her antique vanity's mirror, Eliza Knight searches for the only man who knows the truth behind this mystery."
"9780345461360 In the spring of 1918, when a neutral America is goaded into World War I, the world waits to see if the tide of war can be turned with the renewed spirit and strength of the untested American Expeditionary Force, lead by General John ""Blackjack"" Pershing. Reprint. 100,000 first printing."
"9780142501528 Urthstripe the Strong, a wise old badger, leads the animals of the great fortress of Salamandastron and Redwall Abbey against the weasel Ferahgo the Assassin and his corps of vermin."
"9780061094156 The magical tale of ill-fated lovers lost among worlds teetering on the edge of destruction, where their passion holds the key to escape. There has never been a book like Imajica. Transforming every expectation offantasy fiction with its heady mingling of radical sexuality and spiritual anarchy, it has carried its millions of readers into regions of passion and philosophy that few books have even attempted to map. It's an epic in every way; vast in conception, obsessively detailed in execution, and apocalyptic in its resolution. A book of erotic mysteries and perverse violence. A book of ancient, mythological landscapes and even more ancient magic."
"9780060540944 Based on 15 years of in-depth research, ""1421"" traces the voyages of an extraordinary fleet of Chinese ships, whose crews actually charted America 70 years before Columbus. Four 8-page color inserts. 37 maps & diagrams."
"9780060930134 Elijah, a biblical prophet in the Middle East during the ninth century B.C., confronts the pagan princess Jezebel and finds love in the strange land of Zarephath with a young widow, only to have his new-found happiness shattered by tragedy"
"9780345481337 Reluctant hitman Henry Thompson returns to New York City, the scene of his original mishaps, when he takes an assignment as the new bodyguard for rising baseball star Miguel Arenas, a mission that is complicated by a threat against his parents' lives, a threat that forces Henry to make a desperate and final choice. By the author of Caught Stealing and Six Bad Things. Original. 25,000 first printing."
"9780195144819 General Simï¿½n Bolï¿½var (1783-1830), called El Liberator, and sometimes the ""George Washington"" of Latin America, was the leading hero of the Latin American independence movement. His victories over Spain won independence for Bolivia, Panama, Columbia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela. Bolï¿½var became Columbia's first president in 1819. In 1822, he became dictator of Peru. Upper Peru became a separate state, which was named Bolivia in Bolï¿½var's honor, in 1825. The constitution, which he drew up for Bolivia, is one of his most important political pronouncements. Today he is remembered throughout South America, and in Venezuela and Bolivia his birthday is a national holiday. Although Bolï¿½var never prepared a systematic treatise, his essays, proclamations, and letters constitute some of the most eloquent writing not of the independence period alone, but of any period in Latin American history. His analysis of the region's fundamental problems, ideas on political organization and proposals for Latin American integration are relevant and widely read today, even among Latin Americans of all countries and of all political persuasions. The ""Cartagena Letter,"" the ""Jamaica Letter,"" and the ""Angostura Address,"" are widely cited and reprinted."
"9780061142024 Young Tristran Thorn will do anything to win the cold heart of beautiful Victoria—even fetch her the star they watch fall from the night sky. But to do so, he must enter the unexplored lands on the other side of the ancient wall that gives their tiny village its name. Beyond that old stone wall, Tristran learns, lies Faerie—where nothing, not even a fallen star, is what he imagined. From #1 New York Times bestselling author Neil Gaiman comes a remarkable quest into the dark and miraculous—in pursuit of love and the utterly impossible."
"9780192781536 Retells Melville's novel of the sailor called Ishmael and Captain Ahab, who would do anything to catch the great white whale, Moby Dick, that had taken the Captain's leg."
"9780439651394 When the chase gets too intense on land, Aiden and Meg Falconer, fugitives from the FBI and running away from a killer, stow away on a sea bound freighter, but the crew becomes suspicious and a monster storm is on the way."
"9780825429828 Reinventing Jesus cuts through the rhetoric of extreme doubt to reveal the profound credibility of historic Christianity. Meticulously researched yet eminently readable, this book invites a wide audience to take a firsthand look at the primary evidence for Christianity's origins."
"9780141185910 The story of the guilt, bitterness and spiritual strivings of the Grimes family which is told as the son, John, faces the issue of religious conversion in the Temple of the Fire Baptised."
"9780395754900 The Second Edition of this complete collection of Shakespeare's plays and poems features two essays on recent criticism and productions, fully updated textual notes, a photographic insert of recent productions, and two works recently attributed to Shakespeare. The authors of the essays on recent criticism and productions are Heather DuBrow, University of Wisconsin at Madison, and William Liston, Ball State University, respectively."
"9780439341202 Abby Hayes is starting fifth grade. Her supersibs, the perfect older twins and her genius little brother, have already proved their Hayes worthiness. This is going to be Abby's year ... and she's going to record every moment of it."
"9780553582024 The uneasy peace that exists following the death of Robb Stark is threatened by new plots, intrigues, and alliances that once again will plunge the Seven Kingdoms into all-out war for control of the Iron Throne."
"9781932206104 How to Meditate is a transcript all of Rama's, Dr. Frederick Lenz recorded talks on meditation. It also includes his book of lyrical poetry : ""The Bridge is Flowing but the River is Not."" How to Meditate provides a full range of meditation techniques, knowledge and wisdom to deepen meditation practice and understand meditation's essential role in daily life. This volume is excellent for both newcomers and longtime meditators. Open the book at any time to any page, and you will receive your daily quota of inspiration."
"9780743250412 Nineteenth-century writer Henry James is heartbroken when his first play performs poorly in contrast to Oscar Wilde's The Importance of Being Earnest and struggles with subsequent doubts about his sexual identity, his decision not to marry, and his difficulties with emotional intimacy. Reprint. 75,000 first printing."
"9780156027656 New English versions of Lysistrata, The Frogs, The Birds, and Ladies' Day. ""Thanks to Dudley Fitts...we can appreciate Aristophanes' vigor, his robust style, his scorching wit, his earthy humor, his devotion to honesty and his poetic imagination"" (Brooks Atkinson, New York Times). Index."
"9780886777739 A collection of ten short stories and a novella which looks at the relationship of Tarma and Kethry, two ex-mercenary swordsisters who run the schools in Haven"
"9780440236733 Investigating his girlfriend's mysterious disappearance, Will Klein learns that she is somehow tied to his brother's death and becomes increasingly disturbed when he realizes that everyone he loves is harboring dark secrets. By the author of Tell No One. Reprint."
9780330412445 This work aims to set the war in the Balkans in its full historical and political context. This edition includes a chapter covering the events between 1993 and 1995.
"9781400079612 An amiable gentleman, Mr. Mulliner entertains the evening crowd at the Anglers' Rest, a rural English pub, with tales of the preposterous, romantic, and thrilling escapades and misadventures of his near and distant relatives. Reprint. 10,000 first printing."
"9780385731843 Living in New York City with her mother and her younger sister, Miri, fourteen-year-old Rachel tries to persuade Miri, who has recently become a witch, to help her become popular at school and to try to stop their divorced father's wedding."
"9781413901474 Himeno's troublesome life changes dramatically when she meets a young boy who transports her to a fantasy world desperately in need of help from a girl called ""Pretear."""
"9781551116440 As the inscription on his tombstone reveals, Wilkie Collins wanted to be remembered as the “author of The Woman in White,” for it was this novel that secured his reputation during his lifetime. The novel begins with a drawing teacher’s eerie late-night encounter with a mysterious woman in white, and then follows his love for Laura Fairlie, a young woman who is falsely incarcerated in an asylum by her husband, Sir Percival Glyde, and his sinister accomplice, Count Fosco. This edition returns to the original text that galvanized England when it was published in serial form in All the Year Round magazine in 1860. Three different prefaces Collins wrote for the novel, as well as two of his essays on the book’s composition, are reprinted, along with nine illustrations. The appendices include contemporary reviews, along with essays on lunacy, asylums, mesmerism, and the rights of women."
"9780393329407 The son of a convicted bank robber and con artist describes their complicated relationship, relating how his father, while in jail, sent the author letters throughout his childhood and turned up in a Boston homeless shelter where the author was a caseworker. Reprint. 25,000 first printing."
"9780689845369 The second novel in the renowned Earthsea series from Ursula K. LeGuin When young Tenar is chosen as high priestess to the ancient and nameless Powers of the Earth, everything is taken away -- home, family, possessions, even her name. For she is now Arha, the Eaten One, guardian of the ominous Tombs of Atuan. While she is learning her way through the dark labyrinth, a young wizard, Ged, comes to steal the Tombs' greatest hidden treasure, the Ring of Erreth-Akbe. But Ged also brings with him the light of magic, and together, he and Tenar escape from the darkness that has become her domain. With millions of copies sold, Ursula K. Le Guin's Earthsea Cycle has earned a treasured place on the shelves of fantasy lovers everywhere. Complex, innovative, and deeply moral, this quintessential fantasy sequence has been compared with the work of J.R.R. Tolkien and C.S. Lewis, and has helped make Le Guin one of the most distinguished fantasy and science fiction writers of all time."
"9780345453860 Moving between the glamorous cosmopolitan world of Boston and small-town Texas, a sizzling romance follows the evolution of the tumultuous relationship between Jordan Buchanan and Noah Clayborne. 300,000 first printing."
"9780312202057 The fourth and final volume of the epic series Mercy of a Rude Stream, by one of the century's most respected authors, follows a tormented love affair while recreating the world of Jewish Harlem and bohemian Greenwich Village. Reprint. 15,000 first printing."
9780712645621 'The Mansion on the Hill' will disabuse you once and for all of the notion that rock 'n' roll was ever really about changing the world. It is absolutely essential read for any music aficionado whose curiosity is not satisfied by myth alone.
"9780440420637 Wealthy Olivia Sharp, agent for secrets, uncovers several secrets on a trip to Carmel, California to help a friend become a member of an exclusive club."
"9780871136794 Inman, a wounded soldier, walks away from the front during the Civil War to return to his prewar sweetheart, Ada, who desperately works to revive a struggling farm"
"9780786918140 A one-time Hero of the Heart, Dhamon Grimwulf has descended into a life of crime, bitterness, and squalor, but as the dragon overlords of the Fifth Age plot to destroy their enemies, he, with the help of his former comrades, must redeem himself from his self-destructive life. Reprint."
"9780553234312 The ruthless and cruel Emma causes a great many problems for Mrs. Chalfont, the narrator, and for the abandoned child, Martina, in a new completion of Charlotte Bronte's last, unfinished novel"
"9780060278427 Though best known as the author of the Little House books, Laura Ingalls Wilder led a full, rich life that spanned almost a century of American history. All through her life Laura saved mementos of her past, including early writings, letters, drawings, and photographs, which have been lovingly preserved in private and public collections across the country. Now, for the first time ever, these photographs, writings, and memorabilia have been gathered together in one incredible volume by noted Little House historian William Anderson. Each gorgeous page of LAURA'S ALBUM is a doorway into the private world of Laura Ingalls Wilder, and offers a unique glimpse of what her life was like. Here is the fascinating true story of this remarkable pioneer woman's life as well as an unforgettable tale of our own American past."
"9780786849734 The Little Einsteins, equipped with their camera, go on a journey through space, exploring each of the planets, landing on Mars, and looking at the Earth from their spaceship, with a slideviewer for young readers to view pictures of what they saw."
"9780965470803 This is the story of Azar Nafisi's dream and of the nightmare that made it come true. For two years before she left Iran in 1997, Nafisi gathered seven young women at her house every Thursday morning to read and discuss forbidden works of Western literature. They were all former students whom she had taught at university. They were unaccustomed to being asked to speak their minds, but soon they began to open up and to speak more freely, not only about the novels they were reading but also about themselves, their dreams and disappointments. Nafisi's account flashes back to the early days of the revolution, when she first started teaching at the University of Tehran amid the swirl or protests and demonstrations. Azar Nafisi's tale offers a fascinating portrait of the Iran-Iraq war viewed from Tehran and gives us a rare glimpse, from the inside, of women's lives in revolutionary Iran."
"9780571217359 The complete text of James Joyce's dream masterpiece, one of the great works of twentieth-century literature. This copyright edition incorporates Joyce's own alterations and corrections to the first printing in 1939. 'Here words are not the polite contortions of twentieth-century printer's ink. They are alive. They elbow their way on to the page, and glow and blaze and fade and disappear.' Samuel Beckett"
"9780064435260 Long, long ago, a little girl named Laura Ingalls headed west toward the prairie with her Pa, her Ma, her sisters, Mary and Carrie, and their good old bulldog, Jack. They traveled far each day in their covered wagon, driving through tall grass until they found just the right spot for their new home. With the help of their kind neighbor, Mr. Edwards, Pa built a snug little house for the family in the middle of the wide-open prairie. Laura Ingalls Wilder's Little House books have been cherished by generations of readers. Now for the first time, the youngest readers can share her adventure in these very special picture books adapted from Laura Ingalls Wilder's beloved story-books. Renee Graef's warm paintings, inspired by Garth Williams' classic Little House illustrations, bring Laura and her family lovingly to life. Renée Graef recieved her bachelor's degree in art from the University of Wisconsin at Madison. She is the illustrator of teh paper dolls and the Kirsten books in the American Girls Collection. She is also an avid hat collector, with over 150 hats at last count. She lives in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, with her huisband, Tim, and thier children, Maggie and Maxfeild.Join the Ingalls family as they pick a special spot on the prairie and build their snug log cabin home. Their new neighbor, Mr. Edwards, comes by to help, and after the hard work is through, everyone sings and dances to the joyful music of Pa's fiddle. Renee Graef's enchanting full-color illustrations, inspired by Garth William's classic artwork, bring Laura and her family lovingly to life in this eleventh title in the My First Little House Books series, adapted from Laura Ingalls Wilder's beloved storybooks."
"9780007149827 For sixty years, Jewish refugees and their descendants have prospered in the Federal District of Sitka, a ""temporary"" safe haven created in the wake of revelations of the Holocaust and the shocking 1948 collapse of the fledgling state of Israel. Proud, grateful, and longing to be American, the Jews of the Sitka District have created their own little world in the Alaskan panhandle, a vibrant, gritty, soulful, and complex frontier city that moves to the music of Yiddish. For sixty years they have been left alone, neglected and half-forgotten in a backwater of history. Now the District is set to revert to Alaskan control, and their dream is coming to an end: once again the tides of history threaten to sweep them up and carry them off into the unknown. But homicide detective Meyer Landsman of the District Police has enough problems without worrying about the upcoming Reversion. His life is a shambles, his marriage a wreck, his career a disaster. He and his half-Tlingit partner, Berko Shemets, can't catch a break in any of their outstanding cases. Landsman's new supervisor is the love of his life—and also his worst nightmare. And in the cheap hotel where he has washed up, someone has just committed a murder—right under Landsman's nose. Out of habit, obligation, and a mysterious sense that it somehow offers him a shot at redeeming himself, Landsman begins to investigate the killing of his neighbor, a former chess prodigy. But when word comes down from on high that the case is to be dropped immediately, Landsman soon finds himself contending with all the powerful forces of faith, obsession, hopefulness, evil, and salvation that are his heritage—and with the unfinished business of his marriage to Bina Gelbfish, the one person who understands his darkest fears. At once a gripping whodunit, a love story, an homage to 1940s noir, and an exploration of the mysteries of exile and redemption, The Yiddish Policemen's Union is a novel only Michael Chabon could have written."
"9780007204465 Miller's groundbreaking first novel, banned in Britain for almost thirty years, now reinvigorated in a new Harper Perennial Modern Classics edition. A penniless and as yet unpublished writer, Henry Miller arrived in Paris in 1930. Leaving behind a disintegrating marriage and an unhappy career in America, he threw himself into the low-life of bohemian Paris with unwavering gusto. A fictional account of Miller's adventures amongst the prostitutes and pimps, the penniless painters and writers of Montparnasse, Tropic of Cancer is an extravagant and rhapsodic hymn to a world of unrivalled eroticism and freedom. Tropic of Cancer's 1934 publication in France was hailed by Samuel Beckett as 'a momentous event in the history of modern writing'. The novel was subsequently banned in the UK and the USA and not released for publication for a further thirty years."
"9780142002889 In the final weeks of the Japanese occupation of the Philippines during World War II, three different Filipino narrators recount the experiences of a people desperately struggling in the midst of the horrors of war."
"9780061127762 This is the story of a little girl named Fern who loved a little pig named Wilbur—and of Wilbur's dear friend Charlotte, a beautiful large grey spider who lived with Wilbur in the barn. With the help of Templeton, the rat who never did anything for anybody unless there was something in it for him, and with a wonderfully clever plan of her own, Charlotte saved the life of Wilbur, who by this time had grown up to be quite some pig. How all of this comes about is Mr. White's story. It is a story of the magic of childhood on the farm. It is also a story of friendship, loyalty, and truth and shows readers that friends come in all shapes and sizes. The beloved story of Charlotte the spider, Wilbur the pig, and Fern, the little girl who understood their language, will continue to delight readers both young and old everywhere for generations to come."
"9781889032207 The bookshelves in your home no doubt contain volumes of books, manuals, seminar notes, magazine articles, and video and audio cassettes purporting to address parenting from a Christian point of view. With rare exception, however, most of today's Christian parenting resources fail to emphasize what is perhaps the most important aspect of true biblical parenting -- how to relate the Bible to the disciplinary process in practical ways. Think about it. With all of your training, do you really know how to use the Bible for doctrine, reproof, correction, and instruction in righteousness with your children? If you do, read no further. If you don't, this little book will augment and strengthen your parenting skills as you learn how to use the scriptures more thoroughly and effectively in your child training. - Back cover."
"9780141439907 A literary historian develops a scheme to gain possession of love letters written by an American poet, and a governess tries to protect the two young children in her care from the ghosts she believes are haunting them."
"9780618056736 Offers an assessment of what science is, how it feeds the human appetite for wonder, and how ""unweaving"" the mysteries of science can be even more beautiful than the mystery itself."
"9780448435367 Ellie's first term at the Royal Ballet School is filled with excitement, hard work, homesickness, an unexpected chance to perform, and new friendships, tainted only by the rude and hateful behavior of Lara, the girl she crashed into during their audition."
"9780800871864 Sustained by dreams of glorious martyrdom, a seventeenth-century Purtuguese missionary in Japan administers to the outlawed Christians until Japanese authorities capture him and force him to watch the torture of his followers, promising to stop if he will renounce Christ."
"9781400042555 Brings together a collection of the writer's novels, short stories, and essays, including ""The Plague,"" a tale of survival and resilience in the face of a devastating epidemic, and ""The Fall,"" in which a French lawyer makes an astonishing confession."
"9780393057799 Draws on FBI files and interviews with family and friends to offer a portrait of the twentieth-century American literary icon, from his incest-marked childhood on the Jewish Lower East Side through his later years in New Mexico."
"9780525467779 Lucian flees the wrath of his king and joins a poet-turned-jackass and a girl with mystical powers; Prince Jen sets off for the court of Yuan-Min bearing six unusual gifts; and King Tamar embarks on a quest to recover his kingdom, which he lost in a dicegame."
"9780802806413 The first book written by C. S. Lewis after his conversion, The Pilgrim's Regress is, in a sense, the record of Lewis's own search for meaning and spiritual satisfaction -- a search that eventually led him to Christianity. Here is the story of the pilgrim John and his odyssey to an enchanting island which has created in him an intense longing 7mdash; a mysterious, sweet desire. John's pursuit of this desire takes him through adventures with such people as Mr. Enlightenment, Media Halfways, Mr. Mammon, Mother Kirk, Mr. Sensible, and Mr. Humanist and through such cities as Thrill and Eschropolis as well as the Valley of Humiliation. Though the dragons and giants here are different from those in Bunyan's Pilgrim's Progress, Lewis's allegory performs the same function of enabling the author to say simply and through fantasy what would otherwise have demanded a full-length philosophy of religion."
"9780439554893 When the Chamber of Secrets is opened again at the Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardry, second-year student Harry Potter finds himself in danger from a dark power that has once more been released on the school."
"9780441014835 A single-volume pairing of two of the World Fantasy Award-winning author's classic tales includes The Sorceress and the Cygnet and The Cygnet and the Firebird, in which the fate of the Ro family unfolds in a magical world of myth and mayhem. By the author of The Tower at Stony Wood. Original. 15,000 first printing."
"9780060512804 With this extraordinary first volume in what promises to be an epoch-making masterpiece, Neal Stephenson hacks into the secret histories of nations and the private obsessions of men, decrypting with dazzling virtuosity the forces that shaped this century. In 1942, Lawrence Pritchard Waterhouse - mathematical genius and young Captain in the U.S. Navy - is assigned to detachment 2702. It is an outfit so secret that only a handful of people know it exists, and some of those people have names like Churchill and Roosevelt. The mission of Watrehouse and Detatchment 2702-commanded by Marine Raider Bobby Shaftoe-is to keep the Nazis ignorant of the fact that Allied Intelligence has cracked the enemy's fabled Enigma code. It is a game, a cryptographic chess match between Waterhouse and his German counterpart, translated into action by the gung-ho Shaftoe and his forces. Fast-forward to the present, where Waterhouse's crypto-hacker grandson, Randy, is attempting to create a ""data haven"" in Southeast Asia - a place where encrypted data can be stored and exchanged free of repression and scrutiny. As governments and multinationals attack the endeavor, Randy joins forces with Shaftoe's tough-as-nails grandaughter, Amy, to secretly salvage a sunken Nazi sumarine that holds the key to keeping the dream of a data haven afloat. But soon their scheme brings to light a massive conspiracy with its roots in Detachment 2702 linked to an unbreakable Nazi code called Arethusa. And it will represent the path to unimaginable riches and a future of personal and digital liberty...or to universal totalitarianism reborn. A breathtaking tour de force, and Neal Stephenson's most accomplished and affecting work to date, CRYPTONOMICON is profound and prophetic, hypnotic and hyper-driven, as it leaps forward and back between World War II and the World Wide Web, hinting all the while at a dark day-after-tomorrow. It is a work of great art, thought, and creative daring; the product of a truly icon"
"9780451207500 When a psychopathic con man kidnaps Will and Karen Jennings's five-year-old daughter, the couple decides to fight back to save their daughter. Reissue. (A Columbia Pictures film, releasing August 2002, starring Charlize Theron, Kevin Bacon, & Courtney Love) (Suspense)"
"9780394758275 Marlowe's about to give up on a completely routine case when he finds himself in the wrong place at the right time to get caught up in a murder that leads to a ring of jewel thieves, another murder, a fortune-teller, a couple more murders, and more corruption than your average graveyard."
"9781589971288 In addition to advice on topics such as sibling conflict and lying, Whelchel offers this handy reference guide that provides a biblical perspective and down to-earth encouragement to parents who are feeling overwhelmed."
"9780812532630 The City of Basilica has fallen. Now Wetchik, Nafai, and all their family must brave the desert wastes, and cross the wide continents to where Harmony's hidden spaceport lies silent, abandoned, waiting for the command to make the great interstellar ships ready for flight again. But of these sixteen people, only a few have chosen their exile. The others, Rasa's spiteful daughters and their husbands; Wetchik's oldest son, Elemak, have been forced against their will. Their anger and hatreds will make the difficult journey harder."
"9780156030489 Struggling with an overworked mother, an absent father, and the challenges of life within the infamous Paradise projects of suburban Paris, fifteen-year-old French Muslim Doria endures a parade of social workers, experiences a first kiss, and assumes a philosophical outlook regarding her circumstances. A first novel. Original. 75,000 first printing."
"9780060516055 For centuries, the world of Islam was in the forefront of human achievement -- the foremost military and economic power in the world, the leader in the arts and sciences of civilization. Christian Europe was seen as an outer darkness of barbarism and unbelief from which there was nothing to learn or to fear. And then everything changed. The West won victory after victory, first on the battlefield and then in the marketplace. In this elegantly written volume, Bernard Lewis, a renowned authority an Islamic affairs, examines the anguished reaction of the Islamic world as it tried to make sense of how it had been overtaken, overshadowed, and dominated by the West. In a fascinating portrait of a culture in turmoil, Lewis shows how the Middle East turned its attention to understanding European weaponry, industry, government, education, and culture. He also describes how some Middle Easterners fastened blame on a series of scapegoats, while others asked not ""Who did this to us?"" but rather ""Where did we go wrong?"" With a new Afterword that addresses September 11 and its aftermath, What Went Wrong? is an urgent, accessible book that no one who is concerned with contemporary affairs will want to miss."
"9780553292787 A saga covering the origin and history of Elizabeth and Jessica Wakefield's family begins in 1860 as Alice Larson sails from Sweden to America, traces her twin granddaughters' lives in the Roaring Twenties, and culminates in the marriage of Elizabeth andJ"
"9780787967413 Cults today are bigger than ever, with broad ramifications for national and international terrorism. In this newly revised edition of her definitive work on cults, Singer reveals what cults really are and how they work, focusing specifically on the coercive persuasion techniques of charismatic leaders seeking money and power. The book contains fascinating updates on Heaven's Gate, Falun Gong, Aum Shinrikyo, Hare Krishna, the Reverend Sun Myung Moon, and the connection between cults and terrorism in Al Queda and the PLO."
"9781593070694 Craig Thompson was born in 1975 and grew up in a small farming community in Wisconsin. His debut graphic novel Good-Bye, Chunky Rice won the 1999 Harvey Award for ""Best New Talent,""and his sophomore effort, the 500-page Blankets, will be released in summer 2003 by Top Shelf Productions."
"9780349110011 A collection of insightful and uproariously funny non-fiction by the bestselling author of INFINITE JEST - one of the most acclaimed and adventurous writers of our time. A SUPPOSEDLY FUN THING... brings together Wallace's musings on a wide range of topics, from his early days as a nationally ranked tennis player to his trip on a commercial cruiseliner. In each of these essays, Wallace's observations are as keen as they are funny. Filled with hilarious details and invigorating analyses, these essays brilliantly expose the fault line in American culture - and once again reveal David Foster Wallace's extraordinary talent and gargantuan intellect."
"9780312423377 The author recounts his experiences traveling along the Yangtze river from the Tibetan border to the East China Sea, vividly bringing to life China's rich cultural history, politics, people, geography, and climate. Reprint."
"9780786714957 Written in homage to the master of science fiction, this anthology of stories--by Ian Watson and Adam Roberts, among others--inspired by Verne's vision presents stories that recall characters and plots from the author's fictional milieu. Original."
"9780786937707 This anthology collects tales of love and war as they affect the characters of Krynn, including the story ""Raistlin's Daughter"" by Margaret Weis and Dezra Despain, as well as works by Richard A. Knaak, Nick O'Donohoe, Nancy Varian Berberick, Paul B. Thompson and Tonya C. Cook, Kevin Randle, and others. Reprint."
"9780804741712 This is the second volume to appear in an edition that will be the first complete, critical, and annotated English translation of all of Nietzsches work. Volume 2: Unfashionable Observations, translated by Richard T. Gray, was published in 1995. The edition is a new English translation, by various hands, of the celebrated Colli-Montinari edition, which has been acclaimed as one of the most important works of scholarship in the humanities in the last quarter century. The original Italian edition was simultaneously published in French, German, and Japanese. This volume of Human, All Too Human, the first of two parts, is the earliest of Nietzsches works in which his philosophical concerns and methodologies can be glimpsed. In this work Nietzsche began to establish the intellectual difference from his own cultural milieu and time that makes him our contemporary. Published in 1878, it marks both a stylistic and an intellectual shift away from Nietzsches own youthful affiliation with Romantic excesses of German thought and culture typified by Wagnerian opera."
"9780312151256 A monumental, internationally best-selling novel set in nineteenth-century India weaves a vast tapestry of love, war, and adventure in the foothills of the towering Himalayas. Reprint."
"9780631186274 From ancient Greece to the leading philosophers of today, Western Philosophy: An Anthology provides the most comprehensive and authoritative survey of the Western philosophical tradition. In 100 substantial and carefully chosen extracts, the volume covers all the main branches of philosophy - theory of knowledge and metaphysics, philosophy of mind, religion and science, moral philosophy (theoretical and applied), political theory and aesthetics. Chronologically and thematically arranged, the readings are introduced and linked together by a lucid philosophical commentary which guides the reader through the key arguments. This outstanding text will support a wide variety of introductory courses in philosophy, as well as providing more advanced students with a handy collection of classic source materials."
"9780553572490 On the run since accidentally killing her elderly groom on their honeymoon, Juliana considers a shocking proposal by the handsome Duke of Redmayne in which she would pose as his mistress. Original."
"9780786884407 Examines the coming crisis in global public health, demonstrating how a series of potentially devastating medical catastrophes could provide a global threat to all human life."
"9781590525937 When a university professor is found murdered, a brilliant and quick-witted homicide detective, Ollie Chandler, suspects the murderer could be a fellow homicide detective, but as Ollie probes deeper, another detective is murdered."
"9780446604406 In Kindle County, a woman is killed in an apparent random drive-by shooting. The woman turns out to be the ex-wife of a prominent state senator and an old acquaintance of Judge Sonia Klonsky, on whose desk the case lands. As the pursuit of justice takes bizarre and unusual turns, Judge Klonsky is brought face-to-face with a host of extraordinary personalities and formidable enemies bent on her destruction."
"9780067575208 First published more than three decades ago, this reissue of Rachel Carson's award-winning classic brings her unique vision to a new generation of readers. Stunning new photographs by Nick Kelsh beautifully complement Carson's intimate account of adventures with her young nephew, Roger, as they enjoy walks along the rocky coast of Maine and through dense forests and open fields, observing wildlife, strange plants, moonlight and storm clouds, and listening to the ""living music"" of insects in the underbrush. ""If a child is to keep alive his inborn sense of wonder."" Writes Carson, ""he needs the companionship of at least one adult who can share it, rediscovering with him the joy, excitement and mystery of the world we live in."" The Sense of Wonder is a refreshing antidote to indifference and a guide to capturing the simple power of discovery that Carson views as essential to life. In her insightful new introduction, Linda Lear remembers Rachel Carson's groundbreaking achievements in the context of the legendary environmentalist's personal commitment to introducing young and old to the miracles of nature. Kelsh's lush photographs inspire sensual, tactile reactions: masses of leaves floating in a puddle are just waiting to be scooped up and examined more closely. An image of a narrow path through the trees evokes the earthy scent of the woods after a summer rain. Close-ups of mosses and miniature lichen fantasy-lands will spark innocent'as well as more jaded'imaginations. Like a curious child studying things underfoot and within reach, Kelsh's camera is drawn to patterns in nature that too often elude hurried adults'a stand of beech trees in the springtime, patches of melting snow and the ripples from a pebble tossed into a slow-moving stream. The Sense of Wonder is a timeless volume that will be passed on from children to grandchildren, as treasured as the memory of an early-morning walk when the song of a whippoorwill was heard as if for the first time."
"9780743233217 From the bestselling author of The Psychopath Test: A Journey Through the Madness Industry and So You’ve Been Publicly Shamed. A wide variety of extremist groups -- Islamic fundamentalists, neo-Nazis -- share the oddly similar belief that a tiny shadowy elite rule the world from a secret room. In Them, journalist Jon Ronson has joined the extremists to track down the fabled secret room. As a journalist and a Jew, Ronson was often considered one of ""Them"" but he had no idea if their meetings actually took place. Was he just not invited? Them takes us across three continents and into the secret room. Along the way he meets Omar Bakri Mohammed, considered one of the most dangerous men in Great Britain, PR-savvy Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard Thom Robb, and the survivors of Ruby Ridge. He is chased by men in dark glasses and unmasked as a Jew in the middle of a Jihad training camp. In the forests of northern California he even witnesses CEOs and leading politicians -- like Dick Cheney and George Bush -- undertake a bizarre owl ritual. Ronson's investigations, by turns creepy and comical, reveal some alarming things about the looking-glass world of ""us"" and ""them."" Them is a deep and fascinating look at the lives and minds of extremists. Are the extremists onto something? Or is Jon Ronson becoming one of them?"
"9780826414779 This is part of a new series of guides to contemporary novels. The aim of the series is to give readers accessible and informative introductions to some of the most popular, most acclaimed and most influential novels of recent years - from ‘The Remains of the Day' to ‘White Teeth'. A team of contemporary fiction scholars from both sides of the Atlantic has been assembled to provide a thorough and readable analysis of each of the novels in question."
"9780156260398 Entries interrupted only by her periodic breakdowns record the daily events and activities, enthusiasms and disappointments, and writing tasks in Virginia Woolf's life and her responses to people, books, and her own work"
"9780486437552 Hegel wrote this classic as an introduction to a series of lectures on the ""philosophy of history."" With this work, he created the history of philosophy as a scientific study. He reveals philosophical theory as neither an accident nor an artificial construct, but as an exemplar of its age."
"9780448437699 In their second term at the Royal Ballet School, Ellie and her friends prepare for an important appraisal of their dancing while also trying to get along with Isabelle, an unfriendly new girl."
9780486419251 Presents eleven of the English writer's works including the title story featuring a three hundred-year-old ghost who fails to intimidate the newest occupants of his manor house.
"9781840220551 Jane Austen is without question, one of England's most enduring and skilled novelists. With her wit, social precision, and unerring ability to create some of literature's most charismatic and believable heroines, she mesmerises her readers as much today as when her novels were first published. Whether it is her sharp, ironic gaze at the Gothic genre invoked by the adventures of Catherine Morland in Northanger Abbey; the diffident and much put-upon Fanny Price struggling to cope with her emotions in Mansfield Park; her delightfully paced comedy of manners and the machinations of the sisters Elinor and Marianne in Sense and Sensibility; the quiet strength of Anne Elliot in Persuasion succeeding in a world designed to subjugate her very existence; and Emma - 'a heroine whom no one but myself will like' teased Austen - yet another irresistible character on fire with imagination and foresight. Indeed not unlike her renowned creator. Jane Austen is as sure-footed in her steps through society's whirlpools of convention and prosaic mores as she is in her sometimes restrained but ever precise and enduring prose."
"9780330484770 An international bestseller and true modern classic Patrick Bateman is twenty-six and works on Wall Street; he is handsome, sophisticated, charming and intelligent. He is also a psychopath. Taking us to a head-on collision with America's greatest dream – and its worst nightmare – American Psycho is a bleak, bitter, black comedy about a world we all recognize but do not wish to confront.Celebrating 40 years of outstanding international writing, this is one of the essential Picador novels reissued in a beautiful new series style."
"9780786855384 When Annie's new caterpillar friend misses his ride to the ""Tree of Many Colors,"" it is up to Leo, Quincy, Annie, and June to get him there, and they are thrilled to discover that the new outfit he receives turns him into a monarch butterfly."
"9780425198681 Hired to investigate a mysterious video collection that has been appearing on the Internet, market research consultant Cayce Pollard realizes that there is more to the assignment when her computer is hacked. Reprint."
"9780345450692 Clay Sizemore, a coal miner in love, searches his family history for clues about who he is, uncovering a dramatic story woven into the fabric of his uncle's quilts."
"9780312323868 Her belief in the power of beauty shattered when her fiance dumps her for a plain woman, a pregnant Darcy flees to London and struggles to rebuild her glamorous life, before realizing that her past methods no longer work."
"9780810111134 ""The new reading text of Billy Budd, Sailor in this volume is based on a corrected version (also printed here) of the ""Genetic Text"" that was prepared by Harrison Hayford and originally published in 1962 by the University of Chicago Press in a volume edited by Hayford and Merton M. Sealts, Jr. This new reading text employs different editorial principles from those followed in the 1962 volume. Portions of the introduction and notes to that volume have also been used here in an extensively revised form."""
"9781401204259 Led by the Joker, the patients of Arkham Asylum take over the building and threaten to murder the staff unless Batman agrees to meet with them, a situation that results in Batman being pushed to the brink of madness himself."
"9781419953965 Bound Hearts - Wicked Intent By Lora Leigh Control has meant everything to Tally Raines. Control of the office she ran as Jesse Wyman's secretary, and now control of Lucian Conover's office as well. But Lucian isn't content to be controlled by his fiery secretary. As a matter of fact, Lucian thinks she needs to loosen up and let the sexy, sensual woman hiding beneath her cool exterior free. And he will dare her to do just that...With a little help. Bound Hearts - Sacrifice By Lora Leigh Book five of the Bound Hearts series. Kimberly has run from Jared for a year now, sensing the weakness he could be to her future. But she never expected the sacrifice he would make for her. One that will rock her soul, and destroy the very foundations of all her beliefs. Her sexuality, her heart, and all she's fought for in the last six years will be tested when an assignment takes her to Jared's farm, and into his bed. There she will learn the true meaning of hunger, of love¿as well as the deception and the lies that have governed her life for so long. Anything worth having is worth sacrificing for. Kimberly is about to find out if she can pay the price, and risk not only the inheritance that should be hers, but also her heart to the one man who can still the fires that rage in her soul."
"9780552998819 ____________________ Soon to be a Netflix series starring Ellen Page and Laura Linney . . . 'San Francisco is fortunate in having a chronicler as witty and likeable as Armistead Maupin' Independent __________________ In this, the sixth and final self-contained volume of Armistead Maupin's epic chronicle of modern life, a fiercely ambitious TV talk show host finds she must choose between national stardom in New Yorkand a husband and child in San Francisco. Wistful and compassionate yet subversively funny, Sure of You is a triumphant finale to one of the most addictively entertainingseries of novels ever written."
"9780872207363 Taking full extent of S.R. Slings' new Greek text of the Republic, Reeve has given us a translation at once both accurate and limpid. Loving attention to detail and deep familiarity with Plato's thought are evident on every page."
"9780060959036 Barbara Kingsolver's fifth novel is a hymn to wildness that celebrates the prodigal spirit of human nature, and of nature itself. It weaves together three stories of human love within a larger tapestry of lives amid the mountains and farms of southern Appalachia. Over the course of one humid summer, this novel's intriguing protagonists face disparate predicaments but find connections to one another and to the flora and fauna with which they necessarily share a place."
"9780743272094 Presents a guide for singles that explains how to find the right person and how to sustain a loving, committed relationship, offering helpful advice on the world of dating, emotional differences, and online romance."
"9780805069860 A feast for lovers of American literature-the work of our greatest poet, redesigned and relaunched for a new generation of readers No poet is more emblematically American than Robert Frost. From ""The Road Not Taken"" to ""Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening,"" he refined and even defined our sense of what poetry is and what it can do. T. S. Eliot judged him ""the most eminent, the most distinguished Anglo-American poet now living,"" and he is the only writer in history to have been awarded four Pulitzer Prizes. Henry Holt is proud to announce the republication of four editions of Frost's most beloved work for a new generation of poets and readers. The only comprehensive volume of Frost's verse available, comprising all eleven volumes of his poems, this collection has been the standard Frost compendium since its first publication in 1969."
"9780571219711 At an exclusive boarding school, a sixteen-year-old girl records her most intimate thoughts in a diary. The object of her growing obsession is her roommate, Lucy Blake, and Lucy's friendship with her new and disturbing classmate. Ernessa is a mysterious, moody presence with pale skin and hypnotic eyes. Around her swirl dark rumours, suspicions and secrets as well as a series of ominous disasters. As fear spreads through the school, what is true and what is dreamed bleed together into a waking nightmare of gothic menace, fuelled by the anxieties, lusts and fears of adolescence. At the centre of the diary is the question that haunts all who read it: Is Ernessa really a vampire? Or has the narrator trapped herself in her own fevered imagination?"
"9780440214922 Twenty years after his tortured cartoonist father killed his mother and siblings, cartoonist Trevor McGee returns to the scene of the crime, determined to face the demons of the past and the dark force threatening to destroy him"
"9780763628109 When twelve-year-old Daniel Cook and his sister, Beatrice, spend the summer at a special school run by their parents' eccentric former tutor, they are introduced to the secret study of dragonology and find themselves caught up in an evil plot."
9781570625190 Studies similarities between the concept of a harmonious universe that emerges from the theories of modern physics and the vision of a continuously interactive world conceived by Eastern mystics
"9780345443281 Having moved on with her life after a friend was brutally murdered, Jo Becker is now married with a grown family, but when an old housemate moves into the neighborhood, Jo rekindles a relationship that takes her back to the past and threatens her future"
"9780345446107 As the Yuuzhan Vong search the universe for Jedi to destroy, Han Solo and Leia Organa Solo attempt to reinforce the Jedi resistance, while Anakin and Tahiri jump into hyperspace to evade pursuing New Republic forces who believe them to be murderers."
"9780195168952 Filled with fresh interpretations and information, puncturing old myths and challenging new ones, Battle Cry of Freedom will unquestionably become the standard one-volume history of the Civil War. James McPherson's fast-paced narrative fully integrates the political, social, and military events that crowded the two decades from the outbreak of one war in Mexico to the ending of another at Appomattox. Packed with drama and analytical insight, the book vividly recounts the momentous episodes that preceded the Civil War—the Dred Scott decision, the Lincoln-Douglas debates, John Brown's raid on Harper's Ferry—and then moves into a masterful chronicle of the war itself—the battles, the strategic maneuvering on both sides, the politics, and the personalities."
"9781411677319 (Selected excerpts and outside reviews can be found by clicking on the blue Python Bonkers hyperlink.) This book may share an alphabetical lineage with the Frey book, but there is no melodramatic redemption here -- it is not a parody of that book but its own entity. As one of the characters from the book says, We're still involved in the commission of the acts that will require redemption -- and those stories are always so much more fun. Bonkers and his bizarre team embarks on a gonzo tear through the streets of Los Angeles and across the pop cultural landscape as well. In his satirical quest for truth in journalism, and life, he must navigate through the many odd tiers of social class, in both the Southern California culture and in his Machiavellian office life and its absurd red and blue political divisions. This is no heart-wrenching tale of excess, its destination is hilarity, so it presses the pedal to the metal and takes no prisoners."
"9780618894642 A fantasy adventure saga set in the early days of Middle-Earth features humans and elves, dwarves and dragons, orcs and dark sorcerers clashing in an epic battle between good and evil."
"9780425161296 Tarkington College, a small, exclusive college in upstate New York, is turned upside down when ten thousand prisoners from the maximum security prison across Lake Mohiga break out and head for the college"
"9780802139702 Called ""an everyman's guide to Washington"" (The New York Times), P. J. O'Rourke's savagely funny and national best-seller Parliament of Whores has become a classic in understanding the workings of the American political system. Originally written at the end of the Reagan era, this new edition includes an extensive foreword by the renowned political writer Andrew Ferguson -- showing us that although the names and the players have changed, the game is still the same. Parliament of Whores is an exuberant, broken-field run through the ethical foibles, pork-barrel flimflam, and bureaucratic bullrorfle inside the Beltway that leaves no sacred cow unskewered and no politically correct sensitivities unscorched. ""Highly pungent and wickedly accurate observations ... [from a] boisterous, pedal-to-the-floor humorist."" -- The New York Times Book Review ""Outrageous ... It is insulting, inflammatory, profane, and absolutely great reading."" -- The Washington Post Book World ""A gonzo civics book ... O'Rourke is like a trophy hunter let loose in an unguarded zoo."" -- Chicago Tribune"
"9780345419637 In a gripping feat of storytelling, Anne Rice continues the extraordinary Vampire Chronicles that began with the now-classic Interview with the Vampire. For centuries, Lestat--vampire-hero, enchanter, seducer of mortals--has been a courted prince in the dark and flourishing universe of the living dead. Now he is alone. And in his overwhelming need to destroy his doubts and his loneliness, Lestat embarks on the most dangerous enterprise he has undertaken in all the years of his haunted existence. Look for a special preview of Anne Rice's Prince Lestat in the back of the book. The Vampire Chronicles continue in Prince Lestat and the Realms of Atlantis, available for pre-order now. Praise for The Tale of the Body Thief ""Tinged with mystery, full of drama . . . The story is involving, the twists surprising.""--People ""Rice is our modern messenger of the occult, whose nicely updated dark-side passion plays twist and turn in true Gothic form.""--San Francisco Chronicle ""Fast-paced . . . . mesmerizing . . . silkenly sensuous . . . No one writing today matches her deftness with the erotic.""--The Atlanta Journal-Constitution ""Hypnotic . . . masterful.""--Cosmopolitan"
"9780312321192 After a night of indiscriminate partying, Rachel sleeps with a close friend's fianc and is consumed with guilt, until the intensity of her feelings forces her to make a difficult choice. A first novel. Reprint. 125,000 first printing."
"9780684832401 Drawing from religion and the human sciences, particularly psychology after Freud, the author attempts to demonstrate that the fear of death is man's central concern"
"9780713998948 American democracy is the world's most beloved form of government, which is why so many other nations are eager for it to be imposed on them. But just what exactly is it? Jon Stewart and his fellow patriots from the Emmy-winning The Daily Show finally deliver the answer. They offer their insights into a unique system of government, dissecting its institutions, explaining its history and processes, and exploring the reasons why concepts like 'One man, one vote', 'Government by the people', and 'Every vote counts' have become such popular urban myths. Includes such favourites as Ancient Rome: The First Republicans; The Founding Fathers: Young, Gifted and White; The President: King of Democracy; The Supreme Court: 18 Legs, Four Tits, One Mission; Running for Office: What Are You Thinking?; The Media: Can It Be Stopped?; The Future of Democracy: The Constitutional Robocracy and You"
"9780465024964 Armies and empires, statesmen and tyrants--the acclaimed historian Robin Lane Fox vividly recounts the history of two great civilizations and one thousand years that forged the Western world"
"9780743456869 Sterling Brooks is sent back to Earth by the Heavenly Council to help reunite a heartbroken seven-year-old girl with her father and grandmother, who were forced into the witness protection program because two mobsters have put a price on their heads. Reprint."
"9780312306342 Receiving simultaneous caches of love letters and hate mail, Connie Rosolli enlists the aid of Lula, Grandma Mazur, and the enigmatic Diesel when she becomes suspicious that her secret admirer and stalker are the same person. By the author of Twelve Sharp. 1,250,000 first printing."
"9781741142396 Harvesting the Heart explores the story of a young woman overcome by the demands of having a family. Written with astonishing clarity and evocative detail, convincing in its depiction of emotional pain, love and vulnerability, Harvesting the Heart recalls the writing of Alice Hoffman and Sue Miller."
"9780800637149 Objective, authoritative and lavishly illustrated with nearly 200 full-colour photographs, maps and diagrams, Introduction to World Religions will be widely welcomed by all those seeking to understand the complexity and diversity of the world's religious landscape."
"9780064408677 Swan Song Like the rest of his family, Louis is a trumpeter swan. But unlike his four brothers and sisters, Louis can't trumpet joyfully. In fact, he can't even make a sound. And since he can't trumpet his love, the beautiful swan Serena pays absolutely no attention to him. Louis tries everything he can think of to win Serena's affection -- he even goes to school to learn to read and write. But nothing seems to work. Then his father steals him a real brass trumpet. Is a musical instrument the key to winning Louis his love?"
"9780785265436 ""Allah has bought from the Umma-the true believers of Islam-their selves and their substance in return for Paradise; they fight in the way of Allah, killing and being killed. Their promise is written in the blood of the moon."" -From the Koran, chap. 9, v. 112 The conflict between Islam and the West existed long before the destruction of the World Trade Center and the other events that recently touched America. It goes back hundreds, even thousands, of years. Yet the struggle is upon us now as never before. In this well-reasoned, accessible book, Middle East expert George Grant answers the troubling questions on many believers' minds. Who are the followers of Islam, and what do they believe? What could have motivated those who carried out the acts of terror on September 11? Why has there been tension between Islam and the West for centuries? What are the true meanings of terms such as Ji'had, Intifada, and Dhimma? And is there any hope for peace? The call upon believers now-as always-is to prepare and equip ourselves so that we may stand fast. The Blood of the Moon will help readers better understand the history of Islam and its struggle with the Western world, as well as how Christians can share the message of salvation through Jesus Christ with the followers of Allah."
"9780006470229 A new-cover reissue of the fourth book in the bestselling five-volume sf series created by the world-famous author of the Thomas Covenant chronicles -- and acclaimed as the 'best work of his career'. Events were not moving as the Amnion had intended. Once again humans had been false in their dealings with the aliens. As the planetoid Thanatos Minor exploded into atoms, the Trumpet hurtled into space only one step ahead of hostile pursuers. On board were Morn Hyland and her force-grown son Davies, cyborg Angus Thermopyle and Captain Nick Succorso -- old enemies thrown together in a desperate bid for survival. For both the Amnion and the UMCP, the immediate capture of the fleeing ship and the secrets it contained was imperative. But for Trumpet's exhausted crew the only hope lay in an illegal lab in the distant binary solar system of Valdor Industrial. It would be a journey of unpredictable danger -- from which not all would return..."
"9780156508872 The unabridged texts of virtually all of the English novelist's extant correspondence, recording her personality, activities, relationships, spells of madness, and growth as a writer from the age of six to shortly before her death"
"9780375707490 A poignant portrayal of a young girl's youth in a Canadian town and her awakening to womanhood in the 1940s follows Del Jordan as she explores the dark and bright sides of womanhood and records the frustrations, joys, triumphs, and trials of small-town life. Reprint. 20,000 first printing."
"9780066236179 Last night while I lay thinking here Some Whatifs crawled inside my ear And pranced and partied all night long And sang their same old Whatif song: Whatif I flunk that test? Whatif green hair grows on my chest? Whatif nobody likes me? Whatif a bolt of lightning strikes me?... To celebrate its 20th anniversary, Shel Silverstein's A Light in the Attic is now available in a special edition containing the classic hardcover book and a CD of highlights from his Grammy Award-winning album. Here in the attic of Shel Silverstein you will find Backward Bill, Sour Face Ann, the Meehoo with an Exactlywatt, and the Polar Bear in the Frigidaire. You will talk with Broiled Face, and find out what happens when Somebody steals your knees, you get caught by the Quick-Digesting Gink, a Mountain snores, and They Put a Brassiere on the Camel. From the creator of the beloved poetry collections Where the Sidewalk Ends and Falling Up, here is another wondrous book of poems and drawings."
"9780312971397 As Castro lies dying, an internal power struggle threatens to unleash a stolen stockpile of chemical weapons against the U.S., but Admiral Jake Grafton is determined to prevent the destruction. Reprint."
9780140444421 Detailed notes accompany a modern English translation of Dante's epic poem about a spiritual pilgrim led by the ghost of Virgil through the circles of hell
"9780393959055 The classic chronicle of a communion with nature at Walden Pond offers a message of living simply and in harmony with nature, and Thoreau champions the belief that people of conscience are at liberty to follow their own opinions."
"9780872204201 Contains English translations of Descartes' 1637 treatise Discourse on the Method for Conducting One's Reason Well and for Searching for Truth in the Sciences and a subsequent development of the ideas contained in it, Meditations on First Philosophy, first published in 1641. Includes a selected bibliography. Annotation copyrighted by Book News, Inc., Portland, OR."
"9781585424993 With two marriages and a best-selling novel behind her, Isadora Wing reviews the stages by which her life with Bennett disintegrated and finds genuine love as well as joyous adventure and sex in the never-never land of southern California. Reprint. 17,500 first printing."
"9781585425549 Erica Jong's two rules of writing are ""never cut funny"" and ""keep the pages turning."" And Jong delivers in these twenty-six essays, coupling frank and risqu? stories about her own life with provocative pieces on her passion for politics, literature, Italy, and-yes-sex. Originally published in 1998, this updated edition features four new essays. What Do Women Want? offers a startlingly original look at where women are-and where they need to be in the twenty-first century: Are women better off today than they were twenty-five years ago? Has burning pre-nup agreements become the new peak of romance? Why do our greatest women writers too often get dissed and overlooked? Why do powerful women scare men? And who is the perfect man? How does the mother-daughter relationship influence cycles of feminism and backlash? Will Hillary become president? What is sexy?"
"9780755321384 In the dark days of the Blitz, crime goes undercover... Undertaker Francis Hancock has seen the worst that humanity can do to itself. Why then does the murder of a young gypsy girl in Epping Forest move him so much? Travellers, gypsies, the homeless, deserters and German spies inhabit this stretch of open ground that was once her home. Francis knows it's not wise to delve into this human melting pot, but he is drawn to the exotic customs of the gypsies, their music and magic. But as he investigates the girl's murder further, the death toll rises and Francis uncovers a much bigger conspiracy, at the heart of which lies something even Adolf Hitler is prepared to kill for..."
9781423101680 The beginning of a new story arc! Jack and company are regrouping after their Sword of Cortes ordeal. They want to forget about magical power and turn their attention towards treasure. But they are about to learn that in the Caribbean magic and treasure often go hand in hand when they encounter a young sailor who can turn things to solid… bronze?
"9780552997775 ""Set in the 21st century - between 20 and 60 years from now - The Sparrow is the story of a charismatic Jesuit priest and talented linguist, Emilio Sandoz, who - in response to a remarkable radio signal from the depths of space - leads a scientific mission to make first contact with an extraterrestrial culture. In the true tradition of Jesuit adventurers before him, Sandoz and his companions are prepared to endure isolation, suffering - even death - but nothing can prepare them for the civilisation they encounter, or for the tragic misunderstanding that brings the mission to a devastating end. Once considered a living saint, Sandoz returns alone to Earth horrifically maimed, both physically and spiritually, the mission s sole survivor - only to be blamed for the mission s failure and accused of heinous crimes. Written in clean, effortless prose and peopled with memorable, superbly-realised characters who never lose their humanity or humour, The Sparrow is a powerful, haunting fiction - a tragic but ultimately triumphant novel about the nature of faith, of love and what it means to be human ."""
"9781587612213 For over two decades, HEART & HANDS has been a beloved guide for both midwives and parents interested in the benefits of midwifery care. This all-new fourth edition has been revised from start to finish, featuring updated material that emphasizes independent midwifery, physiologic (natural) birth, and the art of nonintervention. Midwifery expert Elizabeth Davis includes valuable hints for turning breech and posterior babies, mediating pain in labor, and supporting newborn physiology. Davis also reveals the keys to postpartum recovery, with practical tips on breastfeeding for busy mothers. Comprehensive and compassionate, HEART & HANDS remains a dog-eared classic for parents, midwives, and other birthing helpers.Thoroughly revised and updated fourth edition of the classic text for midwives, also useful for expecting parents, nurses, childbirth educators, doulas, and other labor helpers.Features new diagrams and photographs, updated midwifery forms, and an expanded resource list for parents.Expanded sections on GBS, VBAC, gestational diabetes, and water birth address current controversies.Previous editions have sold more than 150,000 copies. ""An impressive and deeply caring book . . . reveals a shrewd and compassionate sensitivity to women'¬?s needs in pregnancy and childbirth."" -Sheila Kitzinger, author of The Complete Book of Pregnancy and Birth"
"9781416509882 New York Times and USA TODAY bestselling author Kresley Cole delivers a scorching tale about a foreboding vampire who lives in the shadows—and the beautiful assassin determined to hunt him down—in the “sensational” (RT Book Reviews) second novel of the Immortals After Dark series. Centuries ago, Sebastian Wroth was turned into a vampire against his will. Burdened with hatred and alone for ages, he sees little reason to live. Until an exquisite, fey creature comes to kill him, inadvertently saving him instead. When Kaderin the Cold Hearted lost her two beloved sisters to a vampire attack long ago, a benevolent force deadened her sorrow—accidentally extinguishing all of her emotions. Yet whenever Kaderin encounters Sebastian, her feelings—particularly lust—emerge multiplied. For the first time, she’s unable to complete a kill. And when the prize of a legendary month-long contest is powerful enough to change history, Kaderin will do anything to win it for her sisters. Wanting only to win her, forever, Sebastian competes as well, taking every opportunity—as they travel to ancient tombs and through catacombs, seeking relics around the world—to use her new feelings to seduce her. But when Kaderin is forced to choose between the vampire she’s falling for and reuniting her family, how can she live without either?"
"9780553493849 Connor doesn't know what everyone's problem is. His mom, his sister, Alanna--none of them can take care of themselves anymore. So he'll just have to do it for them, whether they like it or not."
"9780552997997 When an exotic stranger, Vianne Rocher, arrives in the French village of Lansquenet and opens a chocolaterie directly opposite the church, Father Reynaud identifies her as a danger to his flock - especially as it is the beginning of Lent. War is declared as the priest denounces the newcomer's wares as the ultimate sin. Suddenly Vianne's shop-cum-cafe means that there is somewhere for secrets and grievances. But Vianne's plans for an Easter Chocolate Festival divide the whole community into an escalating 'Church not Chocolate' battle."
9780253214690 Why Are Ethical Issues Central to Documentary Filmmaking? - How Do Documentaries Differ from Other Types of Film? - What Gives Documentary Films a Voice of Their Own? - What Are Documentaries About? - How Did Documentary Filmmaking Get Started? - What Types of Documentary Are There? - How Have documentaries Addressed Social and Political Issues? - How Can We Write Effectively about Documentary?
"9780231109253 The collection Poems Between Women explores many facets of female-female relationships in poems not only about love or affection between or inspired by women but also about the moments that complicate and call into question the nature of sexuality and intimacy between women. Including women married and single, young and old, lesbian, bisexual, and heterosexual, the anthology covers historical development and changing mores through the seventeenth century, after the Restoration of Charles II, a time of relative freedom for women; the eighteenth century, when the cult of romantic friendship reached its peak; the nineteenth century, when women writers wrote about issues of same-sex desire indirectly and explored complex issues such as death in tones of weariness and resignation; and the twentieth century, when poets began to engage in more overt explorations of women's bodies, sensuality, and lovemaking. Emma Donoghue's introduction deftly guides readers into the rich tradition of women's poetry in English, exploring the relationships between poets and their muses and poets and their cultures. Poems Between Women is testimony not only to the recurring theme of the unique bonds among women but also to the universality of love, friendship, and creativity."
"9781857239706 As a Knight of the Word, John Ross has struggled against the tireless dark forces of the Void for twenty-five years. Ross is driven by dreams that show the world reduced to blood and ashes by the Void and its minions. But for all his power, John Ross is only one man, while the demons he battles are legion. Then Ross learns of the birth of a gypsy morph, a rare and dangerous creature formed of wild magics. If he can discover its secret, the morph will be an invaluable weapon against the Void. But the Void also knows the value of the morph, and will not rest until the creature has been corrupted - or destroyed. Desperate, Ross turns to Nest Freemark, a young woman with magical abilities of her own. And there they prepare to face an ancient evil beyond anything they have ever encountered. Look out for more information on this book and others on the Orbit website at www.orbitbooks.co.uk"
"9780671741037 An ancient evil roams the desolate landscape of an America ravaged by nuclear war. He is the Man with the Scarlet Eye, a malevolent force that feeds on the dark desires of the countless followers he has gathered into his service. His only desire is to find a special child named Swan -- and destroy her. But those who would protect the girl are determined to fight for what is left of the worldŠand their souls. In a wasteland born of rage, populated by monstrous creatures and marauding armies, the last survivors on earth have been drawn into the final battle between good and evil that will decide the fate of humanity...."
"9780590321143 Flying with her uncle in his small plane, 13-year-old Debbie who has been blind for about a year must suddenly take control of the plane when her uncle loses consciousness."
"9780060727635 A first volume of personal correspondence written by classic author C. S. Lewis includes letters penned during his childhood, World War I army days, education at Oxford, atheist period, and early friendship with J. R. R. Tolkien."
"9780345428301 With his charismatic older brother, Paul, campaigning for the White House, Bo Hancock, a financial genius and the youngest member of Connecticut's most influential family, finds himself forced to choose between personal honor and family loyalty, as he confronts a dark secret from the past during which he covered up a monstrous crime involving his brother Paul. Reprint."
"9780765356178 In 1878, two young stage magicians clash in a darkened salon during the course of a fraudulent seance, and from this moment they try to expose and outwit each other at every turn."
"9780792273639 A collection of nearly three hundred photographs from ""National Geographic,"" representing the work of more than one hundred fifty acclaimed photographers, captures portrait images of people from around the world."
"9780826414755 A brilliant idea--short, perceptive books which tell you what you need to know about some of the most vibrant and challenging writing around today--a bit like having a reading group in your pocket. IAN RANKIN"
"9780425180969 In the wake of an assassination attempt on the SVR (former KGB) chairman, newly elected U.S. president Jack Ryan puts black ops specialist John Clark on the alert, only to have things complicated by dangerous forces in China."
"9780738539560 Orion Township, established in 1835, became a prosperous agrarian and resort community by the beginning of the 20th century. The village of Lake Orion developed as the center of commerce for township residents and a summer community of tourists and revivalists. Passenger boats and an amusement park popularized Lake Orion as a vacation destination with hotels and summer cottages. Suburban development has since transformed the landscape, but township signposts proudly display a vestige of the past: Orion Township, where living is a vacation. Orion Township, established in 1835, became a prosperous agrarian and resort community by the beginning of the 20th century. The village of Lake Orion developed as the center of commerce for township residents and a summer community of tourists and revivalists. Passenger boats and an amusement park popularized Lake Orion as a vacation destination with hotels and summer cottages. Suburban development has since transformed the landscape, but township signposts proudly display a vestige of the past: Orion Township, where living is a vacation."
"9780486431680 A modern classic about a penniless, unemployed young writer, this powerful, autobiographical novel paints an unforgettable portrait of a man driven to the edge of self-destruction by forces beyond his control."
"9780306808913 The author of ""Country"" now offers a paean to a forsaken time of relentless excess, sudden ruin, and fierce music--the days of rock 'n' roll, long before Elvis came on the scene. 42 illustrations."
"9780345414007 Beautiful Friday, a genetically engineered courier of the future, travels from New Zealand to Canada to beyond, as she engages in a series of daring and intriguing assignments. By the author of Starship Troopers. Reprint."
"9781575667218 Bakery owner and occasional sleuth Hannah Swenson serves as the head judge for Hartland Flour's annual Dessert Bake-Off, but when another judge is murdered, she must sift through a wealth of suspects to find a killer."
"9780486434148 A strikingly original inquiry into politics and human nature, the Discourse presents a theoretical view of people in a pre-social condition and the ensuing effects of civilization. The author develops a theory of evolution that prefigures Darwinism and encompasses aspects of ethics, sociology, and epistemology. One of the most influential works of the Enlightenment."
"9780884196488 New Hope for Diabetics! Diabetes is not a hopeless life sentence to deteorating health! The Good News is that you can battle it-and win, for a long, productive life! Are you suffering from diabetes? In this concise, easy-to-read booklet you'll discover a wealth of usable information to help you win the fight over diabetes. Learn biblical secrets on health and the latest medical research on how to break free from the grip of diabetes. This book contains findings that your own doctor may never have told you! warning symptoms you must not ignore how to fight back-and win over diabetes a weight-loss diet you can live with gain important information about the use of natural supplements You want to be healthy. God wants you to be healthy. Now at last here's a source of information that will help you get healthy-body, mind and spirit. About the author: Dr. Don Colbert is a board-certified family practice medical doctor who specializes in nutritional medicine, treating over 17,000 patients. Since 1984, Dr. Colbert has helped thousands of patients regain good health and live pain free after years of suffering. A graduate of Oral Roberts School of Medicine, he has received extensive training in nutritional medicine. As a result, he has founded and developed his own nutritional supplement line, Divine Health Nutritional Products. Dr. Colbert also co-hosts Golden Eagle Network's ""Your Health Matters"" with his wife, Mary. They frequently lead health seminars at home and abroad, the address health and nutrition issues as guests on national talk shows and news broadcasts. Don and Mary make their home in Central Florida."
"9780060773755 That hot guy tied to Lissianna Argeneau's bed? He's not dessert—he's the main course! Lissianna has been spending her centuries pining for Mr. Right, not just a quick snack, and this sexy guy she finds in her bed looks like he might be a candidate. But there's another, more pressing issue: her tendency to faint at the sight of blood . . . an especially annoying quirk for a vampire. Of course it doesn't hurt that this man has a delicious-looking neck. What kind of cold-blooded vampire woman could resist a bite of that? Dr. Gregory Hewitt recovers from the shock of waking up in a stranger's bedroom pretty quickly—once he sees a gorgeous woman about to treat him to a wild night of passion. But is it possible for the good doctor to find true love with a vampire vixen, or will he be just a good meal? That's a question Dr. Greg might be willing to sink his teeth into . . . if he can just get Lissianna to bite."
"9781589943070 This full-color volume collects the best art from Fantasy Flight's acclaimed Call of Cthulhu collectible card game, as well as from 25 years of Chaosium's legendary line of Call of Cthulhu role-playing game products. In these pages are glimpses of the most terrible beings ever to exist, whose very names are spoken of in whispers, if at all: Mighty Cthulhu, Yog-Sothoth the Crawling Chaos Nyarlathotep and He Who Shall Not Be Named. Strange and alien races swarm here: the Fungi From Yuggoth, the star-headed Elder Things, the slithering Formless Spawn and awful chthonians. The Art of H.P. Lovecraft's The Cthulhu Mythos contains hundreds of full-color pieces of art, from fan favorites such as Patrick McEnvoy, Michael Komarck, Jean Tay, Thomas Denmark, John Gravato, Aaron Acevedo, James Ryman, Felicia Cano, Linda Bergkvist and dozens more. Once you see these blasphemous visions, you will never forget them."
"9780007121106 A perplexed girl thinks she might have killed someone... Three single girls shared the same London flat. The first worked as a secretary; the second was an artist; the third who came to Poirot for help, disappeared convinced she was a murderer. Now there were rumours of revolvers, flick-knives and blood stains. But, without hard evidence, it would take all Poirot's tenacity to establish whether the third girl was guilty innocent or insane..."
"9780140150742 One of the most quotable of twentieth-century authors, Dorothy Parker has attained a wide-ranging and enthusiastic following. This revised and enlarged edition, with an introduction by Brendan Gill, comprises the original 1944 Portable, as selected and arranged by Dorothy Parker herself and including all her most celebrated poems and stories, along with a selection of her later stories, play reviews, articles, book reviews from Esquire, and the complete Constant Reader, her collected New Yorker book reviews.""To say that Mrs. Parker writes well is as fatuous, I am afraid, as proclaiming that Cellini was clever with his hands. ... Mrs. Parker has an eye for people, an ear for language, and a feeling for the lithe things of life that are so immense a part of the process of living."" - Ogden Nash""She has put into what she has written a voice, a state of mind, an era, a few moments of human experience that nobody else has conveyed."" - Edmund Wilson"
"9780312352356 With the death of the Chairman of the Vampire Council and the rise of the seventh level of Hell, Damali is confronted by her ultimate challenge, a once banished entity with the power to stop a Neteru. Original. 35,000 first printing."
"9780821760536 Exiled to Yorkshire after shaming her minister father by dancing barefoot in the moonlight, Elizabeth Penshurst meets mysterious Gabriel Durham, and as they become drawn to each other, a secretive Druid cult plans to use her as a sacrifice, and Gabriel will stop at nothing to save her. Original."
"9780811201353 Safe Conduct is Boris Pasternak's first autobiography written when he was forty and after the great success of Dr. Zhivago. Experimental in its category, its isolated sharp impressions and juxtapositions seem to deny a normal chronology."
"9781569550342 ""Restless Till We Rest in You"" features spiritual pearls from the works of St. Augustine (354-430 A.D.), including his ""Confessions"" and ""The City of God"", as well as rich insights from his homilies, especially those based on John's Gospel and epistles. As part of the ""Saints Speak Today Series"", this title features 60 daily readings, along with scripture passages and hymns."
"9780060882600 Charlotte's Web, one of America's best-loved children's books, is seamless in plot, poignant in its delineation of characters who will live in children's literature forever, and written with a seeming ease and fluency that make the reading as engrossing as it is effortless. The Annotated Charlotte's Web opens the door to the creator's workshop and allows the reader to glance over the shoulder of one of the most exacting and fastidious American writers, watching as he forms his masterpiece."
"9780273704744 Derivatives. Warren Buffett once called them 'financial weapons of mass destruction.' Unlike some WMDs, however, derivatives are easy to find: nowadays, thousands of companies use them to make money and protect against risk. But most derivatives buyers simply don't understand what they're dealing with and sellers are in no rush to enlighten them. This book will! Traders, Guns and Money is a sensational first-person expose of the derivatives business, straight from one of the industry's most widely-known experts. Satyajit Das has operated for decades on both the ""buy"" and ""sell"" side, and authored some of the field's leading references. Now, he's written the first no-holds-barred insider's guide To The real derivatives business."
"9780393924282 This Norton Critical Edition is designed to make Paradise Lost accessible for student readers, providing invaluable contextual and biographical information and the tools students need to think critically about this landmark epic."
"9780061159176 One of the most acclaimed novels in recent memory, The Known World is a daring and ambitious work by Pulitzer Prize winner Edward P. Jones. The Known World tells the story of Henry Townsend, a black farmer and former slave who falls under the tutelage of William Robbins, the most powerful man in Manchester County, Virginia. Making certain he never circumvents the law, Townsend runs his affairs with unusual discipline. But when death takes him unexpectedly, his widow, Caldonia, can't uphold the estate's order, and chaos ensues. Jones has woven a footnote of history into an epic that takes an unflinching look at slavery in all its moral complexities."
"9781406917895 This is a reproduction of the original artefact. Generally these books are created from careful scans of the original. This allows us to preserve the book accurately and present it in the way the author intended. Since the original versions are generally quite old, there may occasionally be certain imperfections within these reproductions. We're happy to make these classics available again for future generations to enjoy!"
"9780743292498 The idyllic life of busy Natchez doctor Chris Shepard is turned upside down when undercover FBI agent Alex Morse recruits him for a case involving a local divorce attorney who is suspected of murdering the spouses of his clients. By the author of Turning Angel. 350,000 first printing."
"9780452276963 The authors of The McDougall Program and The McDougall Program for a Healthy Heart present more than three hundred delicious, easy-to-prepare recipes for wholesome salads, appetizers, main and side dishes, and desserts, all of which are meatless, dairyless, and virtually fat-free. Reprint."
"9781551111728 One of Joseph Conrad’s greatest novels, Lord Jim brilliantly combines adventure and analysis. Haunted by the memory of a moment of lost nerve during a disastrous voyage, Jim submits to condemnation by a Court of Inquiry. In the wake of his disgrace he travels to the exotic region of Patusan, and as the agent at this remote trading post comes to be revered as ‘Tuan Jim.’ Here he finds a measure of serenity and respect within himself. However, when a gang of thieves arrives on the island, the memory of his earlier disgrace comes again to the fore, and his relationship with the people of the island is jeopardized. This new Broadview edition is based on the first British edition of 1900, which provides the historical basis for the accompanying critical and contextual discussions. The appendices include a wide variety of Conrad’s source material, documents concerning the scandal of the Jeddah, along with other materials such as a substantial selection of early critical comments."
"9780345485250 The subject of a failed government experiment to produce a more deadly military warrior, Carl Marsalis is a hit man who has lost his taste for killing, but when he is arrested in Miami, government officials come up with a plan to use his talents to achieve their own ends. 30,000 first printing."
"9780743219570 Headstrong and beautiful, the young housemaid Sally Jupp is put rudely in her place, strangled in her bed behind a bolted door. Coolly brilliant policeman Adam Dalgliesh of Scotland Yard must find her killer among a houseful of suspects, most of whom had very good reason to wish her ill. Cover Her Face is P. D. James's electric debut novel, an ingeniously plotted mystery that immediately placed her among the masters of suspense."
"9780060751647 Suze is used to trouble, but this time she's in deep: Ghostly Jesse has her heart, but Paul Slater, a real flesh—and—blood guy, is warm for her form. And mediator Paul knows how to send Jesse to the Great Beyond. For good. Paul claims he won't do anything to Jesse as long as Suze will go out with him. Fearing she'll lose Jesse forever, Suze agrees. But even if Suze can get Jesse to admit his true feelings for her, what kind of future can she have with a guy who's already dead?"
"9780156030410 Describes the domestic obligations, social limitations, and economic factors that impede literary creativity in women, in the story of William Shakespeare's talented sister, who, because of the mores of her time, never expresses her genius until she dies by her own hand. Reprint."
"9780312890384 Set at the end of the 21st century in California, this story revolves around a seemingly perfect society. At first, bio-architect Kevin Claiborne thinks he has indeed found Utopia, but gradually events lead him to discover the corruption beneath the surface."
9780792241737 Offers the true account of two young men who took the risk to venture into the segregated South at the peak of the Civil Rights era to take part as Freedom Riders and fight for equality for all--making their mark and doing their part to change history forever along the way.
"9780664228910 The religion clauses of the First Amendment, which seem simple and clear, have been and continue to be controversial in their application. Church-state issues have never been more complex, controversial, and divisive than they are today. In this helpful and instructive book, Ronald B. Flowers explains clearly and concisely the intricacies and implications of Supreme Court decisions in the volatile area of church-state relations. This is an ideal primer for those Americans who have listened to the debates about what the Supreme Court has and has not said about the relationship between church and state, and where the boundaries between the two have been eroded. It is also ideal for use in the classroom, specifically in undergraduate courses in religion and the court, introductions to U.S. constitutional law, constitutional law and politics, and the Supreme Court. The book is also a helpful tool for pastors, clarifying contemporary church-state issues that impact their churches and parishioners directly and indirectly."
"9780385468862 'A moving vision of an affront to democratic principles... A tour de force, a deeply felt novel, brilliantly poetic in its sensibility' - New York Times"
"9780940322714 Edited by Yevgeny Pasternak, Yelena Pasternak, and Konstantin M. Azadovsky The summer of 1926 was a time of trouble and uncertainty for each of the three poets whose correspondence is collected in this moving volume. Marina Tsvetayeva was living in exile in France and struggling to get by. Boris Pasternak was in Moscow, trying to come to terms with the new Bolshevik regime. Rainer Maria Rilke, in Switzerland, was dying. Though hardly known to each other, they began to correspond, exchanging a series of searching letters in which every aspect of life and work is discussed with extraordinary intensity and passion. Letters: Summer 1926 takes the reader into the hearts and minds of three of the twentieth century's greatest poets at a moment of maximum emotional and creative pressure."
"9781563893339 A tale of music, mortality, friendship and death is told in a graphic novel designed for mature readers by author Neil Gaiman. Spinning off from the popular Sandman Library, this is the story of Foxglove, a rising star of the music world who must wrestle with revealing her true sexual orientation as her companion, Hazel, is lured into the realm of Death."
"9780192824547 A complete collection of philosophical writing of the Presocratics and Sophists, this book shows how ""the first philosophers"" paved the way for Plato and Aristotle, hence influencing the whole of Western thought."
"9780380898039 The CIA concludes that the disappearance of math genius Teddy Wu is an obvious defection to Red China, but his lover, Beth Hunter, investigates further and discovers an international political conspiracy of terrifying proportions"
9780060975944 A portrait of America as seen through the eyes of its new arrivals follows the story of an intensely feminine Cuban-Irish family of fourteen daughters and its one doggedly masculine son
"9780515133080 To avoid an unwanted marriage, Merry Vance comes up with a scandalous scheme to get rid of her long-time suitor--she will break all the rules of English society by posing nude for Nicholas Craven, London's most sought-after and notorious artist. Original."
"9781593083779 Presents the first book of Proust's monumental work ""Remembrance of Things Past"", introducing such themes as the destructive force of obsessive love, the allure and the consequences of transgressive sex, and the selective eye that shapes memories."
"9780446611084 Katie Wilkinson has finally found the perfect man - but one day he suddenly disappears, leaving behind only a diary written by a new mother named Suzanne for her baby, Nicholas. In it she intimately reveals the romance between herself and the child's father, her hopes for their marriage, and her unparalleled joy in motherhood. As Katie reads on, she realizes that the man she loves is Suzanne's husband. Now, filled with terror and hope, Katie must struggle to understand what has happened - and find out if her new love has a prayer of surviving."
"9780380763399 Whether she′s creating incomparable love stories of passion and redemption or breathtaking tales of romantic suspense, there is simply no finer storyteller at work today than the phenomenal New York Times bestseller Elizabeth Lowell. The bastard son of a viscount and a Cheyenne shaman′s daughter, Wolfe Lonetree agrees to rescue the pampered Lady Jessica from an unwanted impending wedding -- but only if she will be his wife. Naive and shockingly innocent, Lady Jessica Charteris tricked a rugged, handsome stranger into a marriage in name only in order to escape a union with a vile British lord. Totally unprepared for the hardships awaiting her in America, she is terrified by the prospect of life in the harsh and magnificent land at the edge of the Rockies. But even more frightening is Wolfe himself -- a man whose raw sensuality leaves her breathless. Her proud, virile new ""husband"" is not one to be trifled with, nor will he be denied what his heart fervently desires -- for only in Wolfe Lonetree′s arms can Jessica truly learn the unparalleled joy of becoming the right man′s woman."
"9780517884546 Drawing on more than a decade of research, this eye-opening account of one of the great mysteries of the ancient world links the construction of the pyramids and Egyptian religion to precise astronomical study. TV tie-in. 20,000 first printing."
"9780575075825 When Grendel is drawn up from the caves under the mere where he lives with his bloated, inarticulate hag of a mother into the fresh night air, it is to lay waste Hrothgar's meadhall and heap destruction on the humans he finds there. What else can he do? For he is not like the men who busy themselves with God, love and beauty. He sees the infuriating human rage for order and recognises the meaninglessness of his own existence. GRENDEL is John Gardner's masterpiece; it vividly reinvents the world of Beowulf. In Grendel himself, a creature of grotesque comedy, pain and disillusioned intelligence, Gardner has created the most unforgettable monster fantasy."
"9780815411833 A biography of the screen legend employs thirty-five thousand formerly sealed documents--letters, diaries, and other papers--to examine virtually every aspect of Monroe's life and death."
"9781557424297 A young man of rare beauty, Dorian Gray is the very picture of the ideal British gentleman. When he is drawn into a life of decadence and lustful indulgence, he discovers a painting begins to bear new marks for each of his sins, leaving him as youthful and attractive as ever. And so begins Dorian's descent into a personal hell of lies, murder, and depravity."
"9780822002963 The original CliffsNotes study guides offer expert commentary on major themes, plots, characters, literary devices, and historical background. CliffsNotes on Catch-22 takes you into this unforgettable novel that is full of satire, exaggeration, grotesque and comic caricatures, and telling allusions. Heller’s main characters are two Jewish boys from Brooklyn at the end of World War II – one from an orthodox family, one from a secular background. The growing friendship between the boys reflects the tensions within American society. With this study guide, you’ll be able to follow the unique structure of the novel and supplement your reading with insights into the life and background of author Joseph Heller. Other features that help you study include Life and background of the author Character analyses of major players A character map that graphically illustrates the relationships among the characters Critical essays Review questions Classic literature or modern modern-day treasure — you'll understand it all with expert information and insight from CliffsNotes study guides."
"9780439803632 Drawing on dark fantasy and the fairy tale as well as horror and wild humor, ten acclaimed authors pay homage to the gothic tale in wide-ranging stories of the supernatural and surreal."
"9780765354952 Lieutenant D'Agosta of the New York police and anthropologist Margo Green team up with the Navy's special forces to destroy monsters roaming New York's subterranean world--sewers, tunnels--killing the homeless to eat their brains, the monsters' staple food. By the author of Relic."
"9780805359091 : With each edition of her top-selling Human Anatomy & Physiology text, Elaine N. Marieb draws on her own, unique experience as a full-time A&P professor and part-time nursing student to explain concepts and processes in a meaningful and memorable way. With the Seventh Edition, Dr. Marieb has teamed up with co-author Katja Hoehn to produce the most exciting edition yet, with beautifully-enhanced muscle illustrations, updated coverage of factual material and topic boxes, new coverage of high-interest topics such as Botox, designer drugs, and cancer treatment, and a comprehensive instructor and student media package. The Human Body: An Orientation, Chemistry Comes Alive, Cells: The Living Units, Tissue: The Living Fabric, The Integumentary System, Bones and Skeletal Tissues, The Skeleton, Joints, Muscles and Muscle Tissue, The Muscular System, Fundamentals of the Nervous System and Nervous Tissue, The Central Nervous System, The Peripheral Nervous System and Reflex Activity, The Autonomic Nervous System, The Special Senses, The Endocrine System, Blood, The Cardiovascular System: The Heart, The Cardiovascular System: Blood Vessels, The Lymphatic System, The Immune System: Innate and Adaptive Body Defensives, The Respiratory System, The Digestive System, Nutrition, Metabolism, and Body Temperature Regulation, The Urinary System, Fluid, Electrolyte, and Acid-Base Balance, The Reproductive System, Pregnancy and Human Development, Heredity For all readers interested in human anatomy & physiology."
"9780316910330 The wickedly funny first book in the #1 New York Times bestselling series that inspired the original hit CW show and the new series coming to HBO Max's Spring 2020 launch season (alongside hit series such as Pretty Little Liars and Friends). Welcome to New York City's Upper East Side, where my friends and I live, go to school, play, and sleep--sometimes with each other. S is back from boarding school, and if we aren't careful, she's going to win over our teachers, wear that dress we couldn't fit into, steal our boyfriends' hearts, and basically ruin our lives in a major way. I'll be watching closely... You know you love me. gossip girl"
"9780060593087 Quicksilver is the story of Daniel Waterhouse, fearless thinker and conflicted Puritan, pursuing knowledge in the company of the greatest minds of Baroque-era Europe, in a chaotic world where reason wars with the bloody ambitions of the mighty, and where catastrophe, natural or otherwise, can alter the political landscape overnight. It is a chronicle of the breathtaking exploits of ""Half-Cocked Jack"" Shaftoe -- London street urchin turned swashbuckling adventurer and legendary King of the Vagabonds -- risking life and limb for fortune and love while slowly maddening from the pox. And it is the tale of Eliza, rescued by Jack from a Turkish harem to become spy, confidante, and pawn of royals in order to reinvent Europe through the newborn power of finance. A gloriously rich, entertaining, and endlessly inventive novel that brings a remarkable age and its momentous events to vivid life, Quicksilver is an extraordinary achievement from one of the most original and important literary talents of our time. And it's just the beginning ..."
"9788173031014 This book tells the tale of a man who goes on a wonderful and amazing journey through Asia. His travels can also be seen as a parable of one person's search for enlightenment. Ever since this book's first publication in 1932, it has influenced generations of readers with its ideas on Eastern religion and Jungian psychology and its criticism of Western middleclass values."
"9780765304742 In the conclusion of the Ender saga, Ender Wiggin confronts his ultimate challenge when his adopted world, Lusitania, is threatened by his old planet-destroying weapon, and his computer intelligence ally, Jane, is about to be killed off by the Starways Congress. Reprint. 20,000 first printing."
"9781568821443 [CALL OF CTHULHU ROLEPLAYING] ""The Keeper's Companion"" is an invaluable resource for gamemasters. The material includes advice for new keepers, a lengthy study of Mythos artifacts, a learned discussion of many occult books, an up-to-the-moment description of every facet of forensic medicine, a thorough revision and expansion of the game skills (including nearly two dozen new ones), and the entire text of ""The Keeper's Compendium,"" somewhat updated -- forbidden books, secret cults, alien races, and mysterious places. Additional short essays and features round out this book -- more than 100,000 words!"
"9780393979534 Presents an annotated edition of ""The Scarlet Letter,"" the story of a young wife convicted of adultery in seventeenth-century New England, and includes five shorter works by Hawthorne, a selection of the author's letters and notebook entries, and critical commentary."
"9781891620416 Praised by the New York Times Book Review as ""an...affecting morality tale,"" Jim Lehrer's devastating White Widow brings the reader to the brink of one man's unstoppable, ruinous passion for a complete stranger. Jack T. Oliver has a solid marriage, a cozy house in Corpus Christi, and a job he loves as a driver for the Great Western Trailways bus line. In a few weeks, Jack is going to be promoted to Master Operator in recognition of his years of perfect service and on-time driving. It's a good life. Until a White Widow boards his bus, on a one-way ticket from Victoria to Corpus Christi. A White Widow is a wild card, a woman traveling alone who can change the course of a driver's life, and not always for the best. What happens when Jack Oliver's White Widow passes through his life is as unforgettable as it is irrevocable. Within weeks, without ever even learning her name, he will fall passionately in love—and lose everything he has, a few things he never had, and some he never thought about until they were gone."
"9780425191194 Hired to locate the complete text of Truman Capote's ""Answered Prayers,"" Archy McNally encounters a series of dead ends before finding the manuscript's owner murdered in a sleazy motel."
9781577780724 Remember the Lord's people who are in jail and be concerned for them. Don't forget those who are suffering but imagine that you are there with them.
"9780812969634 ""Paris, 1793. The onset of the Terror. A brave Republican named Maurice rescues a mysterious and beautiful woman from an angry mob and is unknowingly dragged into a secret Royalist plot involving the imprisoned Queen of France, Marie Antoinette, and her enigmatic, fearless champion, the Knight of Maison-Rouge."" -- cover."
"9780691013800 Translated and Introduced by Magnus J. Krynski and Robert A. Maguire Regarded as one of the best representatives since World War II of the rich and ancient art of poetry in Poland, Wislawa Szymborska (1923-2012) is, in the translators' words, ""that rarest of phenomena: a serious poet who commands a large audience in her native land."" The seventy poems in this bilingual edition are among the largest and most representative offering of her work in English, with particular emphasis on the period since 1967. They illustrate virtually all her major themes and most of her important techniques. Describing Szymborka's poetry, Magnus Krynski and Robert Maguire write that her verse is marked by high seriousness, delightful inventiveness, a prodigal imagination, and enormous technical skill. She writes of the diversity, plenitude, and richness of the world, taking delight in observing and naming its phenomena. She looks on with wonder, astonishment, and amusement, but almost never with despair."
"9780002005883 A NOVEL THAT READERS and critics have been eagerly anticipating for over a decade, Gilead is an astonishingly imagined story of remarkable lives. John Ames is a preacher, the son of a preacher and the grandson (both maternal and paternal) of preachers. It’s 1956 in Gilead, Iowa, towards the end of the Reverend Ames’s life, and he is absorbed in recording his family’s story, a legacy for the young son he will never see grow up. Haunted by his grandfather’s presence, John tells of the rift between his grandfather and his father: the elder, an angry visionary who fought for the abolitionist cause, and his son, an ardent pacifist. He is troubled, too, by his prodigal namesake, Jack (John Ames) Boughton, his best friend’s lost son who returns to Gilead searching for forgiveness and redemption. Told in John Ames’s joyous, rambling voice that finds beauty, humour and truth in the smallest of life’s details, Gilead is a song of celebration and acceptance of the best and the worst the world has to offer. At its heart is a tale of the sacred bonds between fathers and sons, pitch-perfect in style and story, set to dazzle critics and readers alike."
"9780316545037 The first volume in William Manchester's masterful, magnum opus account of Winston Churchill's life. The Last Lion: Visions of Glory follows the first fifty-eight years of Churchill's life--the years that mold him into the man who will become one of the most influential politicians of the twentieth century. In this, the first volume, Manchester follows Churchill from his birth to 1932, when he began to warn against the re-militarization of Germany. Born of an American mother and the gifted but unstable son of a duke, his childhood was one of wretched neglect. He sought glory on the battlefields of Cuba, Sudan, India, South Africa and the trenches of France. In Parliament he was the prime force behind the creation of Iraq and Jordan, laid the groundwork for the birth of Israel, and negotiated the independence of the Irish Free State. Yet, as Chancellor of the Exchequer he plunged England into economic crisis, and his fruitless attempt to suppress Gandhi's quest for Indian independence brought political chaos to Britain. Throughout, Churchill learned the lessons that would prepare him for the storm to come, and as the 1930's began, he readied himself for the coming battle against Nazism--an evil the world had never before seen."
"9780767922081 A music journalist chronicles the heyday of heavy metal and grunge rock music, furnishing portraits of such artists as Kurt Cobain, Gene Simmons, Alice Cooper, and Elvis Costello and capturing some of the watershed moments of the musical era."
"9780451528827 Everyone's favorite redhead, the spunky Anne Shirley, begins her adventures at Green Gables, a farm outside Avonlea, Prince Edward Island. When the freckled girl realizes that the elderly Cuthberts wanted to adopt a boy instead, she begins to try to win them?and, consequently, the reader?over."
"9780451452580 This collection contains eleven of the author's finest stories, ranging from faraway planets beyond human comprehension to a nightmare future Earth. By the author of The Forever War. Original."
9780062511119 The essence of perennial Stoic wisdom in aphorisms of stunning insight and simplicity. The West's first and best little instruction book offers thoroughly contemporary and pragmatic reflections on how best to live with serenity and joy.
"9781400044160 Re-creates the 1960s struggle of Biafra to establish an independent republic in Nigeria, following the intertwined lives of the characters through a military coup, the Biafran secession, and the resulting civil war."
"9780752858470 Tyrell Hawthorne was a naval intelligence officer until his wife was murdered. Now Hawthorne has been called out of retirement for one last assignment. For he is the only man who can track down the world's most dangerous terrorist, Amaya Bajaratt, who has set in motion a chilling conspiracy that a desperate government cannot stop. Hawthorne must follow Amaya's serpentine trail to uncover the sinister network that exists to help this consummate killer. And Hawthorne must discover the shattering truth behind the Scorpio Illusion..."
"9780385333139 The Pulitzer Prizewinning New York Times columnist presents her third novel, which traces the dissolution of a passionate marriage into a violent nightmare, forcing Fran Benedetto to start a new life, and a new identity. Reprint."
"9781416503590 With If You Dare, Cole introduces a thrilling new romance trilogy featuring fierce Scottish brothers with dangerous lives, dark desires, and a deadly curse. Can he exact revenge? High in the Pyrenees, a band of mercenaries led by Courtland MacCarrick wages war for General Reynaldo Pascal. When Court turns on the evil general, Pascal orders him killed but Court narrowly escapes and exacts revenge by kidnapping Pascal's exquisite Castilian fiancée. Can she deny her passions? Lady Annalía Tristán Llorente despises her towering, barbaric captor almost as much as she does Pascal. Her inexplicable attraction to the Highlander only fuels her fury. But nothing will stop her from returning to Pascal -- for if she doesn't wed him, she signs her brother's death warrant, as well as her own. Can there be love between them? From the moment Court discovers that Anna's prim façade masks a fiery, brave lass, his heart's ensnared, and he dares to defy the curse that has shadowed his life -- to walk with death or walk alone. But Pascal vows that he'll hunt the two, never stopping until he's destroyed them both."
9780804111645 Describes the murder spree of the Soviet Union's most brutal serial killer and recounts how Rostov detective Viktor Burakov hurdled the obstacles put in his way by an archaic Soviet system in order to bring the killer to justice. Reprint.
9780142402931 A young girl from an advanced civilization is sent as an observer to a planet whose people have not yet learned to control their use of atomic power.
"9780345490643 The acknowledged master of psychological suspense and heart-stopping terror, New York Times bestselling author John Saul now invites you to descend to chilling new depths of darkness--and discover a secret, savage world that exists beneath our very feet. The promising future of New York City college student Jeff Converse has suddenly been shattered by a nightmarish turn of events. Falsely convicted of a brutal crime, Jeff sees his life vanishing before his eyes. But someone has other plans for Jeff, in a far deadlier place than any penitentiary. He finds himself beneath the teeming streets of Manhattan, in a hidden landscape of twisting tunnels and forgotten subterranean chambers. Here, an invisible population of the homeless, the desperate, and the mad has carved out its own shadow society. But they are not alone. The pitch-dark tunnels and abandoned subway stations are haunted by the unmistakable sounds of predators in search of game. Someone has made this forsaken civilization beneath the city a private killing ground . . . and the hunt is on. Trapped in a treacherous underground maze, cut off at every turn by ragged gangs of sinister ""gamekeepers,"" and stalked relentlessly by unseen hunters, Jeff faces overwhelming odds in the race to reach salvation and elude capture. With no weapon but his wits, and an unimaginable threat lurking around every dark corner, Jeff must somehow move heaven and earth to escape from a living hell. The Manhattan Hunt Club is the most thrilling and suspenseful novel yet from the ingenious mind of John Saul. From the Hardcover edition."
"9780689870408 Problems arise for Amelia when she starts sixth grade at the same middle school where her older sister Cleo is an eighth-grader, and she gets the school's meanest teacher for three of her classes."
"9780385265706 Ruth, a young woman living in a rural Illinois town, looks back on the people who have shaped her life, including her runaway father, shrewish mother, and crazy husband"
"9780843947663 Jim Hook confronts an ancient evil power when he arrives at a prestigious prep school built on the grounds of a once-prosperous, old estate in the Hudson Valley of New York. Original."
9780801489785 China's spectacular economic growth over the past two decades has dramatically depleted the country's natural resources and produced greatly increasing rates of pollution. Elizabeth Economy examines the growing environmental crisis and its implications for future development.
"9780880014403 A woman's lover seems not to recognize her on the street. A teenage girl accepts a ride from a stranger in a rust-speckled Cadillac. An old man is obsessed by the memory of his innocent childhood intrusion on a half-dressed aunt. In forty-four very short, very powerful stories, Joyce Carol Oates fashions brief, intensely compact dramas out of the unwieldy material of human experience. The stories in The Assignation are infused with a ""radiant intensity,"" wrote James Atlas in the New York Times Book Review, and they convey the depth and scope of a novel in a few charged pages. The Assignation is an electric display of the talents that make Joyce Carol Oates one of our finest short story writers."
"9781598163322 With the help of his right hand man Kuraha, Migiri has been brought back to life and granted a sacrifice in the form of the beautiful young Kikuri. The only thing standing in the way of Migiri's restoration is Yusuke Himukai, who is sworn to protect Kikuri!"
"9780670037773 Having moved from one academic outpost to another throughout her childhood at the side of her aphorism-prone father, Blue van Meer attends the elite St. Gallway School in her senior year, where she falls in with a charismatic group of friends before the deaths of a teacher and student awaken her analytical instincts. A first novel. 50,000 first printing."
"9780552992091 Quirky, bizarre, tragic, fiendishly funny, The Hotel New Hampshire is anything but a conventional family saga, though a family saga it certainly is. The Berry family are different. Love abounds - both healthy and incestuous. It is the overwhelming"
"9780515139754 In her role as consort of Jean-Claude, the seductive Master Vampire of the City, Anita Blake is faced with a dangerous conflict of interest when she assists with the search for a vampire serial killer who is stalking strippers."
"9781406904833 This is a reproduction of the original artefact. Generally these books are created from careful scans of the original. This allows us to preserve the book accurately and present it in the way the author intended. Since the original versions are generally quite old, there may occasionally be certain imperfections within these reproductions. We're happy to make these classics available again for future generations to enjoy!"
"9780765345516 A young man and woman from different clans, Raif Sevrance, a member of the Clan Blackhail, and Ash March, a girl who is plagued by sinister dreams, are drawn together by prophecy and plunged into a realm of magic, war, and danger that could determine the fate of their world. Reprint."
"9780140009378 Berry Conway and his old school friend Lord Bickerton, otherwise known as Biscuit, are out to make money--big money. An opportunity presents itself when T. Paterson Frisby, for whom Berry works as a secretary, is looking for a chaperon for his American niece, Ann Moon. Berry knows that Biscuit has an Aunt Vera who will be ideal for the job, and he and Biscuit set it up, hoping for a commission. What they don't bargain for is the fact that she is prepared to become engaged to more than one man at a time . . ."
9780310243878 Actor and father Mark Gillen finds out how far modern courts will go to keep a child from a parent who has strong Christian views.
"9780312300333 The historical record crowns success. Those enshrined in its annals are men and women whose ideas, accomplishments, or personalities have dominated, endured, and most important of all, found champions. John F. Kennedy's Profiles in Courage, Giorgio Vasari's Lives of the Artists, and Samuel Johnson's Lives of the Poets are classic celebrations of the greatest, the brightest, the eternally constellated. Paul Collins' Banvard's Folly is a different kind of book. Here are thirteen unforgettable portraits of forgotten people: men and women who might have claimed their share of renown but who, whether from ill timing, skullduggery, monomania, the tinge of madness, or plain bad luck-or perhaps some combination of them all-leapt straight from life into thankless obscurity. Among their number are scientists, artists, writers, entrepreneurs, and adventurers, from across the centuries and around the world. They hold in common the silenced aftermath of failure, the name that rings no bells. Collins brings them back to glorious life. John Banvard was an artist whose colossal panoramic canvasses (one behemoth depiction of the entire eastern shore of the Mississippi River was simply known as ""The Three Mile Painting"") made him the richest and most famous artist of his day. . . before he decided to go head to head with P. T. Barnum. René Blondot was a distinguished French physicist whose celebrated discovery of a new form of radiation, called the N-Ray, went terribly awry. At the tender age of seventeen, William Henry Ireland signed ""William Shakespeare"" to a book and launched a short but meteoric career as a forger of undiscovered works by the Bard -- until he pushed his luck too far. John Symmes, a hero of the War of 1812, nearly succeeded in convincing Congress to fund an expedition to the North Pole, where he intended to prove his theory that the earth was hollow and ripe for exploitation; his quixotic quest counted Jules Verne and Edgar Allan Poe among its greatest admirers. Collins' love for what he calls the ""forgotten ephemera of genius"" give his portraits of these figures and the other nine men and women in Banvard's Folly sympathetic depth and poignant relevance. Their effect is not to make us sneer or revel in schadenfreude; here are no cautionary tales. Rather, here are brief introductions-acts of excavation and reclamation-to people whom history may have forgotten, but whom now we cannot."
"9780451218049 Fierce warrior and legendary lover, Rhage, a vampire cursed by the Scribe Virgin and owned by the dark side, finds salvation in Mary Luce, the innocent young beauty he has sworn to protect, and together they battle against their enemies and fight for eternal love. Original."
"9780809556038 Short story collection containing such gems as ""Antibodies,"" ""Bear Trap,"" ""Extracts from the Club Diary,"" ""A Colder War,"" ""TOAST: A con report,"" ""A Boy and His God,"" ""Ship of Fools,"" ""Dechlorinating the Moderator,"" ""Yellow Snow"", ""Big Brother Iron"", ""Lobsters""."
"9781579126957 Now in a digest edition, this classic mystery finds American heiress Ruth Kettering on the luxurious Blue Train, where she's mysteriously murdered. Sleuth Hercule Poirot must now peek into Ruth's secret life."
"9780671878849 Complete at last in one volume--the beginning of the war against the berserkers! The death machines are programmed to destroy all life in the Galaxy. But one branch of Galactic humanity, descended from a world called Earth, stands in the way."
"9780140449129 An unhappily married woman, Emma Bovary's unfulfilled dreams of romantic love and desperation to escape the ordinary boredom of her life lead her to a series of desperate acts, including adultery, in a classic novel set against the backdrop of nineteenth-"
"9780743499262 An anthology of nineteen short stories about family, friendship, and love features contributions from such popular Irish women authors as Cecelia Ahern, Patricia Scanlan, Gemma O'Connor, Suzanne Higgins, and Morag Prunty."
"9780886777203 Mickey Zucker Reichert, Tanya Huff, Michelle Sagara, and others present seventeen original tales set in the popular fantasy universe of Valdemar, home of the Heralds and their mysterious horse-like Companions. Original."
"9780764544576 The original CliffsNotes study guides offer expert commentary on major themes, plots, characters, literary devices, and historical background. The latest generation of titles in this series also feature glossaries and visual elements that complement the classic, familiar format. In CliffsNotes on Mrs. Dalloway, you explore one of Virginia Woolf’s greatest works, which is about life, love, friendship, and acceptance. Here, you meet Clarissa Dalloway as she’s preparing for a party she will host that evening; and Septimus Smith, a shell-shocked war veteran struggling with the aftereffects of going to battle. This study guide carefully walks you through every step of a day in the life of Clarissa and Septimus by providing summaries and critical analyses of each chapter of the novel. You'll also explore the life and background of the author, Virginia Woolf, and gain insight into how she came to write Mrs. Dalloway. Other features that help you study include A list of characters Character analyses of Clarissa and Septimus A review section that tests your knowledge A bibliography for more study Classic literature or modern modern-day treasure — you'll understand it all with expert information and insight from CliffsNotes study guides."
"9780345396709 When her favorite cousin disappears, Hezhi, an exotic princess whose blood bears the seeds of the River God's magic, embarks on a dangerous quest to find the truth, a search that leads her to Perkar, a chieftain's son who has sworn to destroy the dreaded River God. Reprint."
"9781550225402 Revised and updated to include information about all six seasons of Buffy, this ultimate guide to one of televisions hottest shows also includes capsule reviews of the full first three seasons of the spin-off Angel, with more emphasis put on the crossover episodes between the two shows. With full cast bios, plus bios for all of the new cast members who have become major characters in the latest season, this best-seller is bound to keep selling!"
"9780843949094 Determined to stop their bickering, King Henry decides to force bitter enemies Lady Tiernay and Lord Holden into marriage, an unlikely union that has unexpected results and leads to newfound passion and love. Original."
"9780440235163 A woman must choose between two men, best friends, that both love her, in a poignant story of love, loyalty, honor, and guilt set against the perilous backdrop of wilderness firefighting. By the author of The Horse Whisperer. Reprint."
9780143039105 A definitive compilation of short fiction by the critically acclaimed author of The Quiet American and The Third Man features forty-nine stories that capture all facets of the human experience and includes works originally published in two volumes--Collected Short Stories and The Last Word and Other Stories. Original.
"9780374523930 At various times in a span of fifteen years, John McPhee made geological field surveys in the company of Eldridge Moores, a tectonicist at the University of California at Davis. The result of these trips is Assembling California, a cross-section in human and geologic time, from Donner Pass in the Sierra Nevada through the golden foothills of the Mother Lode and across the Great Central Valley to the wine country of the Coast Ranges, the rock of San Francisco, and the San Andreas family of faults. The two disparate time scales occasionally intersect--in the gold disruptions of the nineteenth century no less than in the earthquakes of the twentieth--and always with relevance to a newly understood geologic history in which half a dozen large and separate pieces of country are seen to have drifted in from far and near to coalesce as California. McPhee and Moores also journeyed to remote mountains of Arizona and to Cyprus and northern Greece, where rock of the deep-ocean floor has been transported into continental settings, as it has in California. Global in scope and a delight to read, Assembling California is a sweeping narrative of maps in motion, of evolving and dissolving lands."
"9780765346520 The masterpiece that started The New York Times bestselling epic Sword of Truth In the aftermath of the brutal murder of his father, a mysterious woman, Kahlan Amnell, appears in Richard Cypher's forest sanctuary seeking help . . . and more. His world, his very beliefs, are shattered when ancient debts come due with thundering violence. In a dark age it takes courage to live, and more than mere courage to challenge those who hold dominion, Richard and Kahlan must take up that challenge or become the next victims. Beyond awaits a bewitching land where even the best of their hearts could betray them. Yet, Richard fears nothing so much as what secrets his sword might reveal about his own soul. Falling in love would destroy them--for reasons Richard can't imagine and Kahlan dare not say. In their darkest hour, hunted relentlessly, tormented by treachery and loss, Kahlan calls upon Richard to reach beyond his sword--to invoke within himself something more noble. Neither knows that the rules of battle have just changed . . . or that their time has run out. This is the beginning. One book. One Rule. Witness the birth of a legend."
9780679600053 The narrator interrupts reminiscences about his childhood spent in the late-nineteenth-century France to recall the affair which a friend of the family carries on with young Odette de Crecy.
"9780767906890 The son of Roy DeMeo, the head of the Gambino crime family's squad of killers and thieves, describes coming of age in the world of organized crime, the murder of his father when he was seventeen, his love for his father despite his criminal career, and his determination to escape his father's doomed and dangerous life. Reprint."
"9780345440143 In a humorous look at her own life, based on her one-woman Off-Broadway show, the popular comedian describes her childhood education, her teenage years on the comedy circuit, and her battles with weight and substance abuse."
9780451187260 Dr. Roberta Cole faces her hardest test--whether to keep the medical secret of a desperate girl or betray it to keep the love of the man who has erased the pain of her own failed marriage. Reprint.
"9780141013954 William Shakespeare's The Merchant of Venice is both a witty comedy and a moving exploration of bigotry and stigmatisation, and this Penguin Shakespeare edition is edited by W. Moelwyn Merchant with an introduction by Peter Holland. 'The quality of mercy is not strain'd, It droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven' Bassanio, a noble but impoverished Venetian, asks his friend the merchant Antonio for a loan to impress an heiress. Antonio agrees, but is forced to borrow the sum from a cynical Jewish moneylender, Shylock, who forces him into a chilling contract, which stipulates he must honour the debt with a pound of his own flesh. But Bassanio's beloved is not as demure as she seems, and disguising herself as a lawyer, Portia proves herself one of Shakespeare's most cunning heroines, in a witty attack on Shylock's claim. A complex and controversial comedy, The Merchant of Venice explores prejudice and the true nature of justice. This book contains a general introduction to Shakespeare's life and Elizabethan theatre, a separate introduction to The Merchant of Venice, a chronology, suggestions for further reading, an essay discussing performance options on both stage and screen, and a commentary. William Shakespeare (1564-1616) was born to John Shakespeare and Mary Arden some time in late April 1564 in Stratford-upon-Avon. He wrote about 38 plays (the precise number is uncertain), many of which are regarded as the most exceptional works of drama ever produced, including Romeo and Juliet (1595), Henry V (1599), Hamlet (1601), Othello (1604), King Lear (1606) and Macbeth (1606), as well as a collection of 154 sonnets, which number among the most profound and influential love-poetry in English. If you enjoyed The Merchant of Venice, you might like The Taming of the Shrew, also available in Penguin Shakespeare. 'The man who of all modern, and perhaps ancient poets, had the largest and most comprehensive soul' John Dryden"
"9780822215028 THE STORY: HAVING OUR SAY opens as 103-year-old Sadie Delany and 101-year-old Bessie Delany welcome us into their Mount Vernon, New York, home. As they prepare a celebratory dinner in remembrance of their father's birthday, they take us on a remark"
"9781421500492 An in-depth look at the concept and artwork of the movie features a collection of concept sketches, fully rendered character and background drawing, paintings and cell images, along with interviews and comments from the production staff and director."
9780393924916 This Norton Critical Edition seeks to return Keats—one of the most beloved poets of the English language—to his cultural moment by tracking his emergence as a public poet.
"9780285648111 Pablo Neruda has been hailed as the greatest poet of the 20th century & was a Nobel laureat. In these memoirs he also recounts his distinguished career as a diplomat & politician, during which he came to know iconic figures including Gandhi, Che Guevara & Mao Tse Tung."
"9780898599596 This is a book about how we see: the environment around us (its surfaces, their layout, and their colors and textures); where we are in the environment; whether or not we are moving and, if we are, where we are going; what things are good for; how to do things (to thread a needle or drive an automobile); or why things look as they do. The basic assumption is that vision depends on the eye which is connected to the brain. The author suggests that natural vision depends on the eyes in the head on a body supported by the ground, the brain being only the central organ of a complete visual system. When no constraints are put on the visual system, people look around, walk up to something interesting and move around it so as to see it from all sides, and go from one vista to another. That is natural vision -- and what this book is about."
"9781566633949 The fourth of six volumes collects essays that British social critic Huxley (1894-1963) wrote during a period that witnessed Germany's Anschluss with Austria, the Sudeten crisis, intensifying violence in the Spanish Civil War, Stalin's purges, Japan's invasion of China, and Mussolini's Ethiopian war. The collection includes all his published essays, in their latest version, and a selection of shorter reviews and brief occasional pieces."
"9780312194390 The Autobiography of Henry VIII is the magnificent historical novel that established Margaret George's career. Evocatively written in the first person as Henry VIII's private journals, the novel was the product of fifteen years of meticulous research and five handwritten drafts. Much has been written about the mighty, egotistical Henry VIII: the man who dismantled the Church because it would not grant him the divorce he wanted; who married six women and beheaded two of them; who executed his friend Thomas More; who sacked the monasteries; who longed for a son and neglected his daughters, Mary and Elizabeth; who finally grew fat, disease-ridden, dissolute. Now, in her magnificent work of storytelling and imagination Margaret George bring us Henry VIII's story as he himself might have told it, in memoirs interspersed with irreverent comments from his jester and confident, Will Somers. Brilliantly combining history, wit, dramatic narrative, and an extraordinary grasp of the pleasures and perils of power, this monumental novel shows us Henry the man more vividly than he has ever been seen before."
"9780425151044 Co-owners of the Hemlock Falls Inn, Sarah and Meg Quilliam are called upon to assist unpopular newspaperman Henrick Conway, a nosy reporter whose latest expose+a7 has resulted in the warning deaths of two of his relatives. Original."
"9780060727536 He was the ""Man in Black,"" a country music legend, and the quintessential American troubadour. He was an icon of rugged individualism who had been to hell and back, telling the tale as never before. In his unforgettable autobiography, Johnny Cash tells the truth about the highs and lows, the struggles and hard-won triumphs, and the people who shaped him. In his own words, Cash set the record straight -- and dispelled a few myths -- as he looked unsparingly at his remarkable life: from the joys of his boyhood in Dyess, Arkansas to superstardom in Nashville, Tennessee, the road of Cash's life has been anything but smooth. Cash writes of the thrill of playing with Elvis, the comfort of praying with Billy Graham; of his battles with addiction and of the devotion of his wife, June; of his gratitude for life, and of his thoughts on what the afterlife may bring. Here, too, are the friends of a lifetime, including Willie Nelson, Roy Orbison, Bob Dylan, and Kris Kristofferson. As powerful and memorable as one of his classic songs, Cash is filled with the candor, wit, and wisdom of a man who truly ""walked the line."""
"9780345457370 Struggling to regain her voice and express her true feelings to her husband, ghostwriter Ruth Young discovers that her inability to speak closely parallels the story of her mother LuLing's early life in China."
"9780140157185 A surrealistic novel on a dictatorship, a Cuban version of George Orwell's 1984. The protagonist is a counter-whispering agent whose task is to ferret out people spreading rumors inimical to the regime. By the author Before Night Falls."
"9780439507226 Sharks, shipwreck, and sunken treasure in the latest adventure trilogy from Gordon Korman. Four kids are on a marine expedition for the summer, diving to explore an underwater habitat that's just been altered by a seismic event. What they find, though, is much more than fish - it's sunken treasure. Can they salvage it without anyone else getting to it first? Will the prospect of wealth set them against one another? And what about those sharks . . . . Dive is another action-packed trilogy from Gordon Korman. The narrative will shift between an account of two kids caught in the shipwreck and the story of the four kids fighting over and desperately trying to get the treasure."
"9780340774779 This text uses a source-based approach to study the origins of World War II. Activities and end-of-chapter questions are pitched at Intermediate level 1 and 2, and exam structure and extended-response questions are also covered."
"9780807612743 Chronicles the life of Zari, the wife of a feudal landlord, as she attempts to preserve her family amidst the turbulence of the British occupation of southern Persia during World War II"
"9781932100563 A selection of essays dealing with every aspect of one of the most beloved science fiction series of all time contains work from some of the genre's greats, including Cory Doctorow, Stephen Baxter, and Lawrence Watt-Evans, and covers topics as varied as Vogon poetry to the idea of the Internet becoming a real-life Guide. Original."
"9780385489515 Two girls, one the daughter of an upper-caste Calcutta family, the other the daughter of the black sheep of that same family, form a sisterly bond that shatters when one of the girls discovers a dark family secret."
"9780060525118 Former pop star Heather Wells has left behind hordes of screaming fans, to settle into a new adult life, but when strange things start happening at her college, she finds herself once again in the spotlight, this time starring as a spunky female detective. Original. 100,000 first printing."
"9780060598808 When Megan Murphy discovered a floppy-eared rabbit gnawing on the hem of her skirt, she meant to give its careless owner a piece of her mind, but Dr. Patrick Hunter was too attractive to stay mad at for long. Soon the two are making Thanksgiving dinner for their families."
9781585672172 The English pilgrim Balian of Norwich comes to medieval Cairo on a spy mission and becomes caught up in a series of bizarre intrigues and erotic adventures. Reprint.
"9780618471164 The Earth and Its Peoples Brief Edition is a compact presentation of world history with a comparative approach and a global, balanced perspective. The themes of ""Environment and Technology"" and ""Diversity and Dominance"" unite the regions of the world. The Earth and Its Peoples Brief Edition offers a high level of scholarship with a supportive, student-friendly format."
"9781885586421 Not strictly a biography of Jules Verne, it is a fascinating mix of anecdotes, extracts from the novels and real-life incidents. The reader re-encounters extraordinary characters like Phileas Fogg and Captain Nemo against a backdrop of marvellous illustrations."
"9780517174968 Presents a facsimile of the twenty-four original ""Strand Magazine"" stories about the adventures of the intrepid detective Sherlock Holmes, which first appeared in publication between 1891 and 1893."
"9780575076266 The Hyperion books are credited with single-handedly reinventing and reinvigorating SF in the 1990s. A broad canvased, hugely imaginative and exciting SF epic, the books draw on the works of Keats and provide a uniquely intelligent and literary approach with cutting edge science, compelling characterisation and edge-of-your-seat excitement. The story is continued in ENDYMION and THE RISE OF ENDYMION, which Gollancz will also be publishing in an omnibus volume."
"9780425209615 Samantha Carpenter must join forces with reporter--and werewolf--Lance Marshall to find the truth surrounding her sister's mysterious coma by gaining entrance to a secretive club called The Castle, where they, while searching for answers, stumble upon a dark evil, and a passion like no other. Original."
"9780140440461 The most celebrated work of Dante is the Divine comedy--a vision of hell, purgatory and heaven that provides a strangely surrealistic view of medieval attitudes on religious dogma and the price of disobedience."
"9780393059465 An interpretation of the American classic refutes statements about the work's dehumanizing qualities as cited by James Baldwin in 1955, explaining how it served to raise period awareness about slavery and abolitionism and continues to provide insight into modern race relations and other social issues. 30,000 first printing."
"9780764585968 The original CliffsNotes study guides offer a look into key elements and ideas within classic works of literature. The latest generation of titles in this series also features glossaries and visual elements that complement the familiar format. CliffsNotes on The Grapes of Wrath explores John Steinbeck's Pulitzer Prize-winning --and controversial – novel, a work based on the what the author saw for himself as a reporter covering migrant worker camps. Following the story of the Joad family as they travel from the Oklahoma Dust Bowl to California in search of farming opportunities and wealth, this study guide provides summaries and critical commentaries for each part within the novel. Other features that help you figure out this important work include Personal background on the author, including career highlights Introduction to and synopsis of the book In-depth character analyses Critical essays to take you into the author's personal philosophy Review section that features interactive questions and suggested essay topics and practice projects Resource Center with books, films, and Web sites that can help round out your knowledge Classic literature or modern-day treasure — you'll understand it all with expert information and insight from CliffsNotes study guides."
"9780743418133 When Regan Reilly's father is kidnapped three days before Christmas, she investigates the disappearance with the help of her parents' neighbors, Willy and Alvirah Meehan."
"9780060997021 The author initially intended to call this novel The Lyrical Age. The lyrical age, according to Kundera, is youth, and this novel, above all, is an epic of adolescence; an ironic epic that tenderly erodes sacrosanct values: childhood, motherhood, revolution, and even poetry. Jaromil is in fact a poet. His mother made him a poet and accompanies him (figuratively) to his love bed and (literally) to his deathbed. A ridiculous and touching character, horrifying and totally innocent (""innocence with its bloody smile""!), Jaromil is at the same time a true poet. He's no creep, he's Rimbaud. Rimbaud entrapped by the communist revolution, entrapped in a somber farce."
"9780553581355 During the siege of Stalingrad at the height of World War II, two master snipers--Chief Master Sergeant Vasily Zaitsev and German marksman Heinz Thorvald--embark on a deadly and calculating competition to destroy each other. By the author of Souls to Keep. Reprint."
"9780141011110 From the bestselling author of The Elegant Universe, Brian Greene's The Fabric of the Cosmos takes us on an irresistible and revelatory journey through the biggest of the big questions. What is reality? Could we exist without space and time? Can we travel to the past? What are the limits of the universe? Brian Greene has made the mysteries of space and time accessible to millions with his acclaimed writings and award-winning TV series. Now he reveals a world more beautiful and bizarre than we could have imagined, where 'dark matter' reigns, space warps and wiggles through eleven dimensions, minute particles dance, fizz and teleport across vast distances, everything is made of vibrating strings and, like an ant on a lily-pad, we may be floating on a sliver of spacetime. Revealing new layers of reality that lie just beneath the surface of our everyday lives, this grand tour of the universe will make you look at the world in a completely new way. 'A must-read' Sunday Times 'Greene takes us to the limits of space and time' Guardian 'Sends the reader's imagination hurtling through the universe on an astonishing ride' The New York Times Brian Greene is well known to many fans as a populariser of theoretical physics. He is the author of the bestselling books about string theory, The Elegant Universe, which was a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize for nonfiction, The Fabric of the Cosmos, and The Hidden Reality. Educated at Harvard and Oxford, he has taught at both Harvard and Cornell and has been Professor of Physics and Mathematics at Columbia University since 1996."
"9780842332361 All armies of the world, including the Tribulation Force, head for the Middle East to engage in one massive battle, as the world becomes even more dangerous to live in with death, mistrust, and treachery all around."
"9780192836892 This collection brings together six of Turgenev's best-known `long' short stories, in which he turns his skills of psychological observation and black comedy to subjects as diverse as the tyranny of serfdom, love, and revenge on the Russian steppes. These stories all display the elegance andclarity of Turgenev's finest writing.Richard Freeborn was until recently Professor of Russian at the School of Slavonic and East European Studies, London."
"9780517543054 This book is enhanced with content such as audio or video, resulting in a large file that may take longer to download than expected. The enhanced edition of Be Here Now includes: Two guided video meditations, 30 minutes in length * Twenty minute video retrospective of Ram Dass' spiritual journey *The first chapter of Ram Dass' new book, Be Love Now"
9780691024714 The story of Nabokov's life continues with his arrival in the United States in 1940. He found that supporting himself and his family was not easy--until the astonishing success of Lolita catapulted him to world fame and financial security.The story of Nabokov's life continues with his arrival in the United States in 1940. He found that supporting himself and his family was not easy--until the astonishing success of Lolita catapulted him to world fame and financial security.
"9780393327656 An analysis of the disparity between faith and logic in today's world tours humanity's willingness to challenge religious-based belief systems throughout history, citing the biological origins of spirituality while warning readers that tolerance for fundamentalism must occur with an awareness of the modern world's capacity for violence. Reprint. 50,000 first printing."
"9780679722953 In an expatriate's world of turmoil and danger, American risk analyst James Axton learns of a ritual-murder cult in the Aegean and follows the trail to its secret meanings in the ancient city of Lahore"
"9780879102784 The luminous star of Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, Shane, and other classic films was, as the subtitle aptly puts it, ""the actress nobody knew."" Jean Arthur (1900-91) kept her personal life private, disdained the Hollywood publicity machine, and was called ""difficult"" because of her perfectionism and remoteness from costars on the movie set. John Oller, a lawyer, tracked down kinsfolk and friends never before interviewed to capture the elusive personality of a free spirit best embodied in her favorite role, Peter Pan. Arthur herself might have appreciated his warm, respectful portrait. ""...[An] insightful, painstakingly researched analysis of Arthur's life and career raises the curtain on the complex, conflicted person behind the screen persona...Captures the special shine of a unique star who turned out to be a genuine eccentric."" -Chicago Tribune"
"9780312937720 Having successfully averted a vampire civil war, vampire huntress Damali Richards heads for Brazil to investigate a series of horrific killings perpetrated by a vicious female were-demon and her crew in retaliation for the deaths of her people. Reprint."
"9780713998788 The explosion of advanced technologies, knowledge pools and resources that have connected over the planet levelling the playing field as never before, each of us is potentially an equal and competitor of the other."
"9781592402694 An engineer who worked with the Beatles during the productions of ""Revolver,"" ""Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band,"" and other albums describes his innovative recording techniques, and shares his insights into the band's creative processes."
"9780140441055 In Paradise, having plunged to the uttermost depths of Hell and climbed the Mount of Purgatory, Dante ascends to Heaven, continuing his soul's search for God, guided by his beloved Beatrice. As he progresses through the spheres of Paradise he grows in understanding, until he finally experiences divine love in the radiant presence of the deity. Examining eternal questions of faith, desire and enlightenment, Dante exercised all his learning and wit, wrath and tenderness in his creation of one of the greatest of all Christian allegories."
"9780380817931 Beneath the gaze of the gods, the mighty armies of Greece and Troy met in fierce and glorious combat, scrupulously following the text set forth in Homer's timeless narrative. But that was before twenty-first-century scholar Thomas Hockenberry stirred the bloody brew, causing an enraged Achilles to join forces with his archenemy Hector and turn his murderous wrath on Zeus and the entire pantheon of divine manipulators; before the swift and terrible mechanical creatures that catered for centuries to the pitiful idle remnants of Earth's human race began massing in the millions, to exterminate rather than serve. And now all bets are off."
"9780521286916 A new volume of philosophical essays by Bernard Williams. The book is a successor to Problems of the Self, but whereas that volume dealt mainly with questions of personal identity, Moral Luck centres on questions of moral philosophy and the theory of rational action. That whole area has of course been strikingly reinvigorated over the last deacde, and philosophers have both broadened and deepened their concerns in a way that now makes much earlier moral and political philosophy look sterile and trivial. Moral Luck contains a number of essays that have contributed influentially to this development. Among the recurring themes are the moral and philosophical limitations of utilitarianism, the notion of integrity, relativism, and problems of moral conflict and rational choice. The work presented here is marked by a high degree of imagination and acuity, and also conveys a strong sense of psychological reality. The volume will be a stimulating source of ideas and arguments for all philosophers and a wide range of other readers."
"9780802135223 Passion consumes Henri, a chef with Napoleon's army, and Villanelle, who has lost her heart to a married noblewoman, until the two meet at the gates of Moscow and form a bond based on bitter loss"
"9780691020167 Philosophy and the Mirror of Nature hit the philosophical world like a bombshell. Richard Rorty, a Princeton professor who had contributed to the analytic tradition in philosophy, was now attempting to shrug off all the central problems with which it had long been preoccupied. After publication, the Press was barely able to keep up with demand, and the book has since gone on to become one of its all-time best-sellers in philosophy. Rorty argued that, beginning in the seventeenth century, philosophers developed an unhealthy obsession with the notion of representation. They compared the mind to a mirror that reflects reality. In their view, knowledge is concerned with the accuracy of these reflections, and the strategy employed to obtain this knowledge--that of inspecting, repairing, and polishing the mirror--belongs to philosophy. Rorty's book was a powerful critique of this imagery and the tradition of thought that it spawned. He argued that the questions about truth posed by Descartes, Kant, Hegel, and modern epistemologists and philosophers of language simply couldn't be answered and were, in any case, irrelevant to serious social and cultural inquiry. This stance provoked a barrage of criticism, but whatever the strengths of Rorty's specific claims, the book had a therapeutic effect on philosophy. It reenergized pragmatism as an intellectual force, steered philosophy back to its roots in the humanities, and helped to make alternatives to analytic philosophy a serious choice for young graduate students. Twenty-five years later, the book remains a must-read for anyone seriously concerned about the nature of philosophical inquiry and what philosophers can and cannot do to help us understand and improve the world."
"9780451209795 The first ever comprehensive look at World War II codebreaking and how it changed history, veteran cryptographer Haufler's accessible account is ground-breaking work based on years of research and interviews and the mining of previously top-secret archives. In compelling detail, Haufler shows us how cryptography brought the Japanese and Germans to their knees as only one who fought on the frontlines of this 'secret war' could tell it."
"9780743243780 The author describes his coming of age as a teacher, storyteller, and writer, a personal journey during which he spent fifteen years finding his voice in the classroom, and came to terms with the undervalued importance of teaching."
"9780765357663 When thirteen-year-old Martin Anderson arrives at an alternative school for misfits and problem students, he falls in with a group of boys with psychic powers and discovers something surprising about himself. An ALA Best Book for Young Adults. Reprint."
"9780820320977 Robert Penn Warren's 1946 Pulitzer Prize-winning novel All the King's Men is one of the undisputed classics of American literature. Fifty years after the novel's publication, Warren's characters still stand as powerful representations of the moral dilemmas faced by individuals in positions of power. All the King's Men had its genesis in Warren's stage play Proud Flesh, unpublished in his lifetime. He also wrote a subsequent unpublished play titled Willie Stark: His Rise and Fall and a later dramatic version of the novel that shared the title All the King's Men. This volume is the first to collect all three dramatic texts and to publish Proud Flesh and Willie Stark. Proud Flesh is particularly fascinating for what it reveals about the development of All the King's Men and Warren's changing perceptions of its characters and themes. The other plays, as post-novel writings, provide a forum for Warren to clarify his intentions in the novel. The editors' introduction to this collection reviews the composition history of the works and their relationship to the novel and to each other. The new perspectives on Warren's writing presented in Robert Penn Warren's ""All the King's Men"": Three Stage Versions provide a glimpse into a creative mind struggling with a compelling story and offer readers another way of looking at this American classic. This book is an essential reference in Warren studies that will give students of All the King's Men another context from which to consider Warren's novel."
"9780747564171 This is the story of the Tuck family, who are doomed to - or blessed with - eternal life after drinking from a magic spring."
"9780312869595 The two stories of Jacky Rowan are combined into one volume, which tells the complete story of how she is dumped into the perilous land of the Faerie and how her enslavement is broken by a young fiddler. Reprint. 20,000 first printing."
"9780743260947 California Bureau of Investigation interrogator and body language expert Kathryn Dance works to recapture a dangerous escaped killer with the help of three victims from his former cult and the lone survivor from a family he slaughtered. By the author of The Bone Collector. 300,000 first printing."
"9780373792733 Bad Girl Grading System A -- Totally bad!!! B -- Could be worse... C -- Wannabe territory D -- Way too nice! F -- Give it up, Mattie Brown! Mattie Brown has always prided herself at excelling at everything. And that's why it's killing her that she scored only 18% on a sex test! But she isn't going to take it lying down. (Well, maybe she will, but that's beside the point.) Her plan -- to proposition Cullen Slater, the neighborhood stud, for some hands-on instruction in how to make her sex life sizzle. Too bad it's her cute, nice-guy neighbor Mike Peterson who's lighting her fire... ."
"9780736911689 George's popular guides have helped thousands of women not only mine the riches of God's Word more deeply, but also grow more spiritually strong. Women can use this newest addition to the series alongside the corresponding book so they can take their next steps forward in spiritual growth."
"9781580931779 ""Featuring insightful discussions on the development of Battery Park City, the rebirth of Harlem and Times Square, the creation of the cultural precinct around the new MoMA, and the reclaiming of the waterfront along the East and Hudson Rivers as recreational parkland, New York 2000 documents ongoing commitments to innovation and renovation and celebrates the achievements of internationally recognized architects, including Sir Norman Foster, Cesar Pelli, Richard Meier, and Renzo Piano."" ""The survey of organized geographically, beginning in Lower Manhattan and moving north through Harlem and to the outer boroughs including the Bronx, Queens, Brooklyn, and Staten Island. Woven throughout is commentary on the repercussions of September 11, 2001, New York 2000 is a thorough study of how a world-class metropolis preserves, showcases, and constructs an architectural heritage that endures over the course of two centuries.""--BOOK JACKET."
"9780007171996 THE GREATEST FANTASY EPIC OF OUR TIME While the evil might of the Dark Lord Sauron swarmed out to conquer all Middle-earth, Frodo and Sam struggled deep into Mordor, seat of Sauron's power. To defeat the Dark Lord, the accursed Ring of Power had to be destroyed in the fires of Mount Doom. But the way was impossibly hard, and Frodo was weakening. Weighed down by the compulsion of the Ring he began finally to despair. The awesome conclusion of J.R.R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings, beloved by millions of readers around the world."
"9781412040556 The Radical Right and the Murder of John F. Kennedy: Stunning Evidence in the Assassination of the President Harrison E. Livingstone's major new book, the fifth of his works on the death of JFK, brings together for the first time all of the central evidence demonstrating a domestic Right Wing conspiracy rooted in Texas which assassinated the President on November 22, 1963. The book represents forty years of work. The book discusses in great detail the actual medical evidence and the forgery of the autopsy photographs and X-rays, which Mr. Livingstone first exposed, the alteration of the autopsy report, the framing of the designated patsy, Lee Harvey Oswald, and the substitution and fabrication of every single piece of evidence. It discusses the role played in the murder by some of the most powerful men in the country: Lyndon Johnson, J. Edgar Hoover, and Richard Nixon, as well as the rich oil men and companies who backed them. It then describes the cover-ups by the media, the major investigations over the years, the FBI, and the mind-control cooperation at work in the case to misdirect researchers and the public. The book describes in great detail the people and companies in Texas who planned and carried out the assassination. It names names. One recent investigation in the 90s followed Mr. Livingstone's preceeding work and reinvestigated with the witnesses both he and the official investigations had talked to, but this time took into consideration their documentation and what they had actually said, and in a chapter this is his stunning new evidence from the U.S. government under President Clinton that is blowing the lid off the case. Mr. Livingstone first revealed to the Washington press corps in 1998 that there has been such a secret investigation, and spoke for fifty minutes when the Assassination Records Review Board gave their final press conference. As a result, Mr. Livingstone was on all major TV networks and on the ""Today"" show (NBC) with Katie Couric the next morning. The book also contains the story of Dallas doctor Charles Crenshaw's law suit and the depositions of the editor and writer of the Journal of American Medical Association who libeled him in articles in 1992. Dr. Crenshaw's book about trying to save Kennedy at Parkland Hospital shortly after the shooting came out on the same day as Mr. Livingstone's major work on the medical evidence, High Treason 2, were JAMA's targets, and the depositions contain much discussion of Mr. Livingstone's major impact on the JFK case. This new book is to be followed closely by a sixth book entirely about the Zapruder film, called The Hoax of the Century: Decoding the Forgery of the Zapruder Film."
"9780618391028 An in-depth reference to Tolkien's life and works provides brief alphabetical entries on a wide range of topics that encompass the author's source materials, synopses of his writings, a chronology, analysis of his characters, and the personal and historical influences on his writings."
"9781581807745 If gorgeous beaded jewelry always catches your eye, you'll love making (and wearing!) your own necklaces, bracelets and earrings. Simply Beautiful Beaded Jewelry includes 50 projects plus variations in designer Heidi Boyd's simply elegant signature style. Inside you're bound to find plenty of designs to strike your fancy as well as a helpful section that shows you the basic supplies and techniques you'll need to get started. As an added bonus, many of the projects have variations in different colors and styles to help you customize your jewelry to your personal style. &break;&break;Just think how proud you'll feel the first time you can answer, ""I made it myself"" to a compliment on your fabulous new multistrand necklace or your sparkling, swingy crystal earrings. With Simply Beautiful Beaded Jewelry, it truly is easy to get started–in no time at all you'll be showcasing your own original beaded creations and making them as gifts."
"9780142405741 Pete, a talented musician intent on putting the music first, faces a tough decision when he joins a popular but uninspiring band on the verge of stardom. An ALA Best Book for Young Adults & Quick Pick. Reprint."
"9780312321208 Actor and fledgling writer Jimmy Zoole finds his life caught in downward spiral as his girlfriend leave him, he loses his job, his best friend is dead, and his apartment has been robbed twice, a situation that culiminates on New Year's Eve when Eddie, a bisexual burglar, returns once again. Reprint. 15,000 first printing."
"9780886777999 Raised in a laboratory with no memory of her origins, Jamisia journeys from a corporate satellite in Earth's outer orbit to escape an invasion of corporate raiders, while a rogue computer virus wreaks havoc on the interstellar ""Net."" Reprint. NYT. PW."
"9781400047833 An insider takes readers on a walking tour of Portland, Oregon, revealing the city's quirky, cheap, and wild side as he visits unusual museums, offbeat annual festivals and events, scenes of ghostly hauntings, strange local customs, and more. 25,000 first printing."
"9780448444826 Looks closely at Anne Frank's life before the secret annex, what life was like in hiding from the Nazis, and the legacy of her diary."
"9780671024819 When a quiet college town is invaded by bloodhungry demons, a savvy college freshman teams up with a local amateur historian to uncover a terrifying crime in the town's past. Reprint."
"9781565121829 The identity of the Sharpshooter becomes a central theme in a story that introduces such prospective characters as the owner of the local funeral parlor, an avid comic-book reader, a man who shoots refrigerators, and a boy who never grew up"
"9781402714573 While going through the possessions of a deceased guest who owed them money, the mistress of the inn and her son find a treasure map that leads them to a pirate's fortune."
"9780787960759 In The Five Dysfunctions of a Team Patrick Lencioni once again offers a leadership fable that is as enthralling and instructive as his first two best-selling books, The Five Temptations of a CEO and The Four Obsessions of an Extraordinary Executive. This time, he turns his keen intellect and storytelling power to the fascinating, complex world of teams. Kathryn Petersen, Decision Tech's CEO, faces the ultimate leadership crisis: Uniting a team in such disarray that it threatens to bring down the entire company. Will she succeed? Will she be fired? Will the company fail? Lencioni's utterly gripping tale serves as a timeless reminder that leadership requires as much courage as it does insight. Throughout the story, Lencioni reveals the five dysfunctions which go to the very heart of why teams even the best ones-often struggle. He outlines a powerful model and actionable steps that can be used to overcome these common hurdles and build a cohesive, effective team. Just as with his other books, Lencioni has written a compelling fable with a powerful yet deceptively simple message for all those who strive to be exceptional team leaders."
"9780307274977 A squalid farm populated by the members of a troubled family--alcoholic Dodge; his sanctimonious wife, Halie; and their sons, Tilden, a former athlete and near idiot, and Bradley, who has lost one of his legs to a chain saw--forms the setting for a confrontation with the dark secrets of the past, thanks to the arrival of Bradley's estranged son, Vince, and his girlfriend. Winner of the Pulitzer Prize. Reprint."
"9780062512796 Previously published as The Diary of a Magus, this book tells of Coelho's initiation into a spiritual path, leading to inner development and wisdom. He shares exercises in self-control and self-discovery, which he was taught on his pilgrimage along the ancient road to Santiago."
"9780684843322 THE ONLY COMPLETE COLLECTION BY THE NOBEL PRIZE-WINNING AUTHOR In this definitive collection of Ernest Hemingway's short stories, readers will delight in the author's most beloved classics such as ""The Snows of Kilimanjaro,"" ""Hills Like White Elephants,"" and ""A Clean, Well-Lighted Place,"" and will discover seven new tales published for the first time in this collection. For Hemingway fans The Complete Short Stories is an invaluable treasury."
"9781411683051 Moscow, 1929: a city that has lost its way amid corruption and fear, inhabited by people who have abandoned their morals and forsaken spirituality. But when a mysterious stranger arrives in town with a bizarre entourage that includes a giant talking cat and a fanged assassin, all hell breaks loose. Among those caught up in the strange and inexplicable events that transpire in the capital are the Master, a writer whose life has been destroyed by Soviet repression, and his beloved Margarita. Their adventures reveal a story that began two thousand years ago in ancient Jerusalem -- and its resolution will decide their fate. Translated by Michael Karpelson."
"9780898709797 There are many Protestants and Catholics who have been deeply affected and spiritually changed by the writings of C.S. Lewis. There are many converts to Catholicism, some very well known, who credit C.S. Lewis for playing a significant role in their conversion. This includes famous converts and writers like Peter Kreeft, Sheldon Vanauken, Thomas Howard, and Joseph Pearce. But the ironic and perplexing fact is that Lewis himself, while ""Catholic"" in many aspects of his faith and devotion, never became a Roman Catholic. Many have wondered why. Joseph Pearce, highly regarded literary biographer and great admirer of Lewis, is the ideal writer to try to answer that question. The relationship of Lewis to the Roman Catholic Church is an important and intriguing topic of interest to both Catholics and Protestants. Pearce delves into all the issues, questions, and factors regarding this puzzling question. He gives a broad and detailed analysis of the historical, biographical, theological, and literary pieces of this puzzle. His findings set forth the objective shape of Lewis's theological and spiritual works in their relation to the Catholic Church. This well-written book brings new insights into a great Christian writer, and it should spark lively discussion among Lewis readers and bring about a better understanding of the spiritual beliefs of C.S. Lewis. Book jacket."
"9780330373579 An insightful and personal examination of Catholicism in Europe.For four years from 1990, Colm Tóibin made a series of trips through Catholic Europe. The result is this beautifully wrought book. He shows the complications and contradictions of the Catholic Church, and tries to unravel how they in turn influence a country's sense of nationalism. It is not quite a travelogue, nor is it autobiographical. Rather it is a work that tests both faith and the written word, a work that redefines what we have come to expect from non-fiction."
"9780374530495 Nobel Prize winner Yasunari Kawabata felt the essence of his art was to be found not in his longer works but in a series of short-stories which he called Palm-of-the-hand-stories - written over the span of his career. In them we find loneliness, love and the passage of time, demonstrating the range and complexity of a true master."
"9780440936855 Drawn to the wealthy and brilliant artist Maximiliana Horne and grateful for her stimulating education at Max's direction, sixteen-year-old Polly finds herself suddenly and inexplicably betrayed by her idol."
"9780192837806 When Scenes of Clerical Life, George Eliot's first novel, was published anonymously in 1857, it was immediately recognized, in the words of Saturday Review, as `the production of a peculiar and remarkable writer'. The three stories that make up the Scenes, `The Sad Fortunes of the ReverendAmos Barton', `Mr Gilfil's Love Story', and `Janet's Repentance', intriguingly foreshadow George Eliot's later work. The first readers, including Dickens and Thackeray, were struck by the humorous irony, the truthfulness of the presentation of the lives of ordinary people, and the compassionateacceptance of human weakness which characterize Eliot's writing."
"9780312937690 A collection of short stories by the author of As the Crow Flies features tales of the mysteries of a priceless antique, the chance ironies of big-city love, casual encounters, and life-long passions, in an anthology that includes ""One Night Stand,"" ""Old Love,"" and ""The Chinese Statue."" Reprint."
"9781592851614 A practical guide to letting go of the character defects that get in the way of true and joyful recovery. Resentment. Fear. Self-Pity. Intolerance. Anger. As Bill P. explains, these are the ""rocks"" that can sink recovery- or at the least, block further progress. Based on the principles behind Steps Six and Seven, Drop the Rock combines personal stories, practical advice, and powerful insights to help readers move forward in recovery. The second edition features additional stories and a reference section."
"9780027897500 A Swedish boy long ago accompanies his ... [relatives] fromn their Scandinavian farm to ... Russia in an attempt to earn money by making unusual objects from human hair."" - Book Buyer's Guide."
"9780451206527 A mysterious series of paintings in a Hong Kong art museum, including one featuring a woman who bears a striking resemblance to her, draws photojournalist Jordan Glass into a painful search for the murderer of her twin sister, killed one year earlier, as she becomes embroiled in a deadly duel with the anonymous killer who knows all too much about her. Reprint."
9780684856476 A young reporter's life in the 1950s. Paul Kemp breaks into the profession on a newspaper in Puerto Rico and through his eyes are portrayed colorful characters in the days when newspapers flourished.
"9780822309321 Dorn’s high-spirited, crazy-quilt, complex anti-epic is a masterful critique of late twentieth-century capitalism and is one of the great comic poems of American literature. Dorn is one of the few political poets in America; this fantasy about a demigod cowboy, a saloon madam, and a talking horse named Claude Levi-Strauss, who travel the Southwest in search of Howard Hughes, as become a minor classic."
9780842332293 The Tribulation Force gathers its courage as the newly-resurrected Carpathia demonstrates a fondness for gruesome killings against those who remain disloyal to him and commits the ultimate act of desecration against the Judeo-Christian community.
"9780471409762 Advance praise for Philip Plait s Bad Astronomy ""Bad Astronomy is just plain good! Philip Plait clears up every misconception on astronomy and space you never knew you suffered from."" --Stephen Maran, Author of Astronomy for Dummies and editor of The Astronomy and Astrophysics Encyclopedia ""Thank the cosmos for the bundle of star stuff named Philip Plait, who is the world s leading consumer advocate for quality science in space and on Earth. This important contribution to science will rest firmly on my reference library shelf, ready for easy access the next time an astrologer calls."" --Dr. Michael Shermer, Publisher of Skeptic magazine, monthly columnist for Scientific American, and author of The Borderlands of Science ""Philip Plait has given us a readable, erudite, informative, useful, and entertaining book. Bad Astronomy is Good Science. Very good science..."" --James ""The Amazing"" Randi, President, James Randi Educational Foundation, and author of An Encyclopedia of Claims, Frauds, and Hoaxes of the Occult and Supernatural ""Bad Astronomy is a fun read. Plait is wonderfully witty and educational as he debunks the myths, legends, and 'conspiracies that abound in our society. 'The Truth Is Out There' and it's in this book. I loved it!"" --Mike Mullane, Space Shuttle astronaut and author of Do Your Ears Pop in Space?"
"9780064410342 In the land of Ingary, such things as spells, invisible cloaks, and seven-league boots were everyday things. The Witch of the Waste was another matter. After fifty years of quiet, it was rumored that the Witch was about to terrorize the country again. So when a moving black castle, blowing dark smoke from its four thin turrets, appeared on the horizon, everyone thought it was the Witch. The castle, however, belonged to Wizard Howl, who, it was said, liked to suck the souls of young girls. The Hatter sisters--Sophie, Lettie, and Martha--and all the other girls were warned not to venture into the streets alone. But that was only the beginning. In this giant jigsaw puzzle of a fantasy, people and things are never quite what they seem. Destinies are intertwined, identities exchanged, lovers confused. The Witch has placed a spell on Howl. Does the clue to breaking it lie in a famous poem? And what will happen to Sophie Hatter when she enters Howl's castle? Diana Wynne Jones's entrancing fantasy is filled with surprises at every turn, but when the final stormy duel between the Witch and the Wizard is finished, all the pieces fall magically into place."
"9781416908173 During a dire battle against the fearsome Skinners, Daine and her mage teacher Numair are swept into the Divine Realms. Though happy to be alive, they are not where they want to be. They are desperately needed back home, where their old enemy, Ozorne, and his army of strange creatures are waging war against Tortall. Trapped in the mystical realms Daine discovers her mysterious parentage. And as these secrets of her past are revealed so is the treacherous way back to Tortall. So they embark on an extraordinary journey home, where the fate of all Tortall rests with Daine and her wild magic."
"9780393310320 Set in the elegant Edwardian world of Cambridge undergraduate life, this story by a master novelist introduces us to Maurice Hall when he is fourteen. We follow him through public school and Cambridge, and into his father's firm. In a highly structured society, Maurice is a conventional young man in almost every way--except that his is homosexual.Written during 1913 and 1914, immediately after Howards End, and not published until 1971, Maurice was ahead of its time in its theme and in its affirmation that love between men can be happy. ""Happiness,"" Forster wrote, ""is its keynote.... In Maurice I tried to create a character who was completely unlike myself or what I supposed myself to be: someone handsome, healthy, bodily attractive, mentally torpid, not a bad businessman and rather a snob. Into this mixture I dropped an ingredient that puzzles him, wakes him up, torments him and finally saves him."""
"9781577660095 This classic study deals primarily with societies around the world in which myth supplies models for human behavior, & by that very fact, gives meaning & value to life."
"9781885972101 The Essential Guide opens the door to the darkly resplendent worlds of the Left Hand Path. Part philosophical treatise, part ontological stand-up comedy, and part magical practicum, this book makes clear what many other books have only hinted at. For people with wit and perseverance, this book is a training manual for super-men and women. Don Webb has been a practitioner of the Left hand path since the 1970s. He is the former High Priest of the Temple of Set, the world's largest Left Hand Path organization, and the author of the best-selling Seven Faces of Darkness."
"9781581807592 Discover the fast, fun art of drawing comic portraits! Face Off shows you how to draw life like never before. Caricaturist Harold Hamernik shares the secrets to capturing the sillier side of friends, family, celebrities, strangers—any face that crosses your path. 40 step-by-step demonstrations show you how to sketch whimsical and expressive likenesses while developing your own quick, loose, improvisational style. You'll get expert instruction on: Drawing eyes, noses, mouths and other features. Creating portraits in front, three-quarter and profile views. Adding color to your caricatures, either by hand or via computer—instruction you won't find in any other book! Tips for making a likeness more masculine (skip the eyelashes), more feminine (lengthen the neck), younger, older, sexier, goofier—all while making a portrait your subject will love. How to draw hair as two simple lines, why drawing the parts of a face in the same order every time can cut minutes off your work, and tons of other handy tricks of the craft! Practice the simple techniques in this book, then start drawing! It's the most fun you can have with paper, pencils and markers!"
"9780345485328 Sakura, the princess of Clow, has a strange power that could change the world, and lives in an alternate-reality world with her childhood friend Syaoran, with whom she begins a series of journeys to other worlds."
"9780765343116 Unlikely Goblin hero Goody is instructed by the Good Magician Humfrey to find a suitable home for a foul-tempered bird, a quest that inadvertently triggers an invasion by an army of seemingly indestructible killer robots and forces Goody to enlist the aid of a host of supernatural denizens. Reprint."
"9780143034759 The personal life of Alexander Hamilton, an illegitimate, largely self-taught orphan from the Caribbean who rose to become George Washington's aide-de-camp and the first Treasury Secretary of the United States, is captured in a definitive biography by the National Book Award-winning author of The House of Morgan. Reprint."
"9780099453833 Jonah, Joseph and Ruth are the children of mixed-race parents determined to protect them from the grinding effects of race. Hothouse children, they are all musically talented, but they cannot be protected from the world for long. Jonah becomes a successful young tenor, but the world of opera can only accept him as a 'brilliant Negro singer'; Joseph, our narrator, becomes a pianist and devotes his talents to the service of his brother's; Ruth turns her back on classical music ('white music') and disappears, on the run with her black husband under suspicion of being a Black Panther. Powers brilliantly and devastatingly delineates the tragedy of race in America, as it unfolds from the Civil Rights movement to Rodney King and Louis Farrakhan, through the lives and choices of one family, caught on the cusp of identities."
"9780060543495 During a scarlet fever outbreak in 1906, thirteen-year-old Lizabeth must decide whether it is more important to be Strawberry Queen or to be at the bedside of her younger sister, who is ill."
"9780330257312 Imaginary conversations between Marco Polo and his host, the Chinese ruler Kublai Khan, conjure up cities of magical times. "" Of all tasks, describing the contents of a book is the most difficult and in the case of a marvelous invention like Invisible Cities, perfectly irrelevant"" (Gore Vidal). Translated by William Weaver. A Helen and Kurt Wolff Book"
"9780814317327 Using an introduction to mythology by the master storyteller Ovid himself, the authors have prepared a unique teaching tool designed to achieve proficiency at Latin in one year at the college level, two years at the high school or intermediate level. The volume provides students with imaginative, connected reading, beginning with introductory prose versions of Ovid's simple myth tales and progressing to the rich poetry of Ovidian Latin (with appropriate teaching aids) within forty lessons. The grammatical approach is traditional, but the central emphasis is on reading. In each chapter the reading appears first, followed by the vocabulary, the grammar, exercises, and etymology relating to the vocabulary. The exercises begin with a group of questions in Latin (based on the reading), to be answered in Latin. Each tale is preceded by a brief discussion in English of the story and its mythological significance. The myths retold by Ovid and the attractive format are conceived to impel the student into acquiring the skill to read the author in the original language. For additional complimentary materials on this topic, please see Latin Via Ovid Audio materials (available via downloadable flash drive and cassette tapes) by Norma Goldman and Jacob E. Nyenhuis and the accompanying text Practice, Practice: A Latin Via Ovid Workbook by Norma Goldman and Michael Rossi."
"9780521348355 De Officiis (On Duties) is Cicero's last theoretical work and contains his analysis, in a Greek theoretical framework, of the political and ethical values of the Roman governing class in the late Republic. It has often been treated merely as a key to the Greek philosophical works that Cicero used, but this volume aims to render De Officiis, which had a profound impact upon subsequent political thinkers, more intelligible by explaining its relation to its own time and place. All the standard series features are present, including a wholly new translation, a concise introduction by a leading scholar, select bibliography, chronology, notes on vocabulary and brief biographies of the most prominent individuals mentioned in the text."
"9780307264657 Eighteen-year-old Ahmad, the son of an Irish-American mother and long-gone Egyptian father, is contemptuous of the self-indulgent society surrounding him, and devoted to the teachings of Islam, becomes drawn into an insidious terrorist plot."
"9780783502502 Offers a variety of recipes for both hot and cold soups featuring vegetables, fruit, poultry, meat, or seafood, and includes tips on kitchen equipment, making basic stocks, and adding flavorful garnishes"
"9780553580839 Married to the man her father molded as the perfect presidential candidate, Liz Adams cannot hide the pain of her dictated life in the face of tragedy and finds at Martha's Vineyard the long-lost love she let slip away. Original."
"9780380813865 Something was very wrong on Sanpere this summer . . . To escape the misery of a sweltering August in Aleford, Massachusetts, caterer and minister's wife Faith Fairchild and her family head for their cottage on Maine's peaceful Sanpere Island in Penobscot Bay. But things have changed since their last visit. An aggressive developer is moving forward on plans that will destroy the unique ambience of the island, infuriating residents. Tensions are running dangerously high, and soon murder rears its hideous head. Faith discovers a corpse while exploring the grounds of Sanpere's historic lighthouse. With fear running rampant and volatile emotions approaching the detonation point, the intrepid sleuth must track down a killer for the sake of a friend and the island she loves."
"9780553587081 Eve Levine, a deceased witch roaming the afterworld, is summoned by the Fates to help capture the Nix, an evil demi-demon who inhabits the bodies of would-be killers and compels them to complete their lethal acts."
"9780131922167 This 3 rd edition ofThe African-American Odysseyincludes not only a CD-ROM-bound into every book (which incorporates over 150 documents in African American history), but also has a broadened international perspective, expanded coverage of interaction among African Americans and other ethnic groups, and new material on African Americans in the western portion of the United States. Free access to Research Navigator is included. This allows readers to access this powerful research tool with one site. Written by leading scholars,The African-American Odysseyis a clear and comprehensive narrative of African-American history, from the Civil War through modern times. The Combined Volume traces African-American history from it African roots through the present. This book places African-American history in the context and at the center of American History.Balancing accounts of the actions of African-American leaders with investigations of the lives of the ordinary men and women in black communities, exciting and readable coverage includes: African-American history from the Civil War and the beginnings of Reconstruction through the Civil Rights movement to discussions of black life at the dawn of the 21 st century.This is a compelling story of survival, struggle, and triumph over adversity. Readers will learn an appreciation of the central place of black people and black culture in this country, and a better understanding of both African-American and American history."
"9780743417341 Presents five horror tales, including a bloody parable of the body in revolt, a conundrum centered in a piece of string, a fable of Hell on Earth, a story of an unholy coupling of the living and the dead, and a vision of depravity."
"9780425179611 The champion cyclist recounts his diagnosis with cancer, the grueling treatments during which he was given a less than twenty percent chance for survival, his surprising victory in the 1999 Tour de France, and the birth of his son."
"9780192803467 Egyptian myths articulated the core values of one of the longest lasting civilizations in history, and myths of deities such as Isis and Osiris influenced contemporary cultures and became part of the Western cultural heritage. Egyptian Mythology: A Very Short Introduction explains the cultural and historical background to the fascinating and complex world of Egyptian myth, with each chapter dealing with a particular theme. To show the variety of source material for Egyptian myth, each chapter features a particular object--such as the obelisk known as Cleopatra's Needle, a golden statue of Tutankhamun, and a papyrus containing a story in which the Egyptian gods behave outrageously--which is illustrated by a photograph or line-drawing. The myth ""The Contendings of Horus and Seth"" is looked at in detail, and the many interpretations it has provoked are examined. In addition to a list of major deities and myths, there are explanations of related topics such as how hieroglyphs work, royal names and titles, and the Egyptian cosmos. There is also a timeline of Egyptian history, a glossary of technical terms and an up-to-date bibliography."
"9781401301880 Tracking down missing persons as a way of purging lingering demons about a childhood friend who went missing, Sandy Shortt finds herself increasingly consumed by a growing obsession with understanding how and why people disappear. By the author of PS, I Love You."
"9780099578512 ""Born at the stroke of midnight, at the precise moment of India's independence, Saleem Sinai is destined from birth to be special. For he is one of 1,001 children born in the midnight hour, children who all have special gifts, children with whom Saleem is telepathically linked. But there has been a terrible mix up at birth, and Saleem s life takes some unexpected twists and turns. As he grows up amidst a whirlwind of triumphs and disasters, Saleem must learn the ominous consequences of his gift, for the course of his life is inseparably linked to that of his motherland, and his every act is mirrored and magnified in the events that shape the newborn nation of India. It is a great gift, and a terrible burden."""
"9780618711673 In ""an enthralling story, full of fascinating characters, intense drama, high adventure, deceitful manipulation, courageous truth-telling, and splendid moral fervor"" (""Christian Science Monitor""), Hochschild tells the story of King Leopold of Belgium, a megalomaniac of monstrous portions. 31 photos. Map."
"9780385339599 Ray Atlee and his brother, Forrest, receive a letter from their father, a reclusive, retired judge, instructing them to return home to Clanton, Mississippi, to discuss his estate, but the judge dies before his sons arrive, leaving behind a secret known only to Ray. Reprint. 35,000 first printing."
"9780684853765 This collection of eight stories by the award-winning author of ""The Good Brother"" captures the lives of men shaped by the rough, isolated culture of rural Kentucky."
"9781560067849 Discusses the young adult book ""Flowers for Algernon"" by Daniel Keyes, including the author's life, the science fiction genre, and the book's plot, characters, and themes."
9780865476066 Three members of the Founders of the Congress for the New Urbanism give voice to a growing movement in North America to put an end to suburban sprawl and to replace the automobile-based settlement patterns of the past fifty years with a return to traditional planning principles. Reprint.
"9780373274611 Army hero Logan Marshall would avenge his foster parents' murders or die trying. So when P.I. Bailey Madison offered to help he couldn't refuse the sexy blond--though it meant agreeing once the killer was caught, he'd return with her family to a family he had abandoned."
"9780441014439 Spanning a quarter of a century, an anthology of previously uncollected short fiction explores a world of magic in such works as ""The Harrowing of the Dragon of Hoarsbreath,"" ""A Matter of Music,"" and ""The Fellowship of the Dragon."""
"9780140299939 This multi-generational novel ranges over the history of the Hudson River Valley from the late seventeenth cenutry to the late 1960s with low humor, high seriousness, and magical, almost hallucinatory prose. It follows the interwoven destinies of families of Indians, lordy Dutch patrons, and yoemen."
"9781853260407 Introduction and Notes by Keith Wren, University of Kent at Canterbury A historical romance, 'The Three Musketeers' tells the story of the early adventures of the young Gascon gentleman, D'Artagnan and his three friends from the regiment of the King's Musketeers - Athos, Porthos and Aramis. Under the watchful eye of their patron M. de Treville, the four defend the honour of the regiment against the guards of Cardinal Richelieu, and the honour of the queen against the machinations of the Cardinal himself as the power struggles of seventeenth century France are vividly played out in the background. But their most dangerous encounter is with the Cardinal's spy, Milady, one of literature's most memorable female villains, and Dumas employs all his fast-paced narrative skills to bring this enthralling novel to a breathtakingly gripping and dramatic conclusion. Our edition uses the William Barrow translation first published by Bruce and Wylde (London,1846) AUTHOR Alexandre Dumas, père (French for ""father"", akin to 'Senior' in English), born Dumas Davy de la Pailleterie (24 July 1802 - 5 December 1870)[1] was a French writer, best known for his numerous historical novels of high adventure which have made him one of the most widely read French authors in the world. Many of his novels, including 'The Count of Monte Cristo', 'The Three Musketeers', 'Twenty Years After', and 'The Vicomte de Bragelonne' were serialised. He also wrote plays and magazine articles and was a prolific correspondent."
"9780192834409 First published pseudonymously in 1764, The Castle of Otranto purported to be a translation of an Italian story of the time of the crusades. In it Walpole attempted, as he declared in the Preface to the second edition, `to blend the two kinds of romance: the ancient and the modern'. He gives us a series of catastrophes, ghostly interventions, revelations of identity, and exciting contests. Crammed with invention, entertainment, terror, and pathos, the novel was an immediate success and Walpole's own favourite among his numerous works. His friend, the poet Thomas Gray, wrote that he and his family, having read Otranto, were now `afraid to go to bed o'nights'. The novel is here reprinted from a text of 1798, the last that Walpole himself prepared for the press."
9781400097036 Chronicles the lives of two boys--the son of a Midlands vicar and the creator of the world's most famous detective--as they pursue separate destinies until meeting and forming a remarkable alliance.
"9780575075597 At forty-three Jeff Winston is tired of his low-paid, unrewarding job, tired of the long silences at the breakfast table with his wife, saddened by the thought of no children to comfort his old age. But he hopes for better things, for happiness, maybe tomorrow . . . But a sudden, fatal heart attack puts paid to that. Until Jeff wakes up in his eighteen-year-old body, all his memories of the next twenty-five years intact. If he applies those memories, he can be rich in this new chance at life and can become one of the most powerful men in America. Until he dies at forty-three and wakes up in his eighteen-year-old body again . . ."
9780375704055 Describes the author's work with institutionalized patients at Mount Carmel Hospital and the dramatic effects of the drug L-DOPA on twenty patients suffering from encephalitic Parkinsonism
"9780441623822 Dain Maro, unjustly sentenced to the horrific high-tech prison called the Omega Cage, attempts the impossible in crossing bone-littered deserts and deadly swamps to escape Warden Stark and his merciless hunting machines"
"9781566631327 This is a remarkable book about a man (perhaps the most important and original philosopher of our age), a society (the corrupt Austro-Hungarian Empire on the eve of dissolution), and a city (Vienna, with its fin-de siecle gaiety and corrosive melancholy). The central figure in this study of a crumbling society that gave birth to the modern world is Wittgenstein, the brilliant and gifted young thinker. With others, including Freud, Viktor Adler, and Arnold Schoenberg, he forged his ideas in a classical revolt against the stuffy, doomed, and moralistic lives of the old regime. As a portrait of Wittgenstein, the book is superbly realized; it is even better as a portrait of the age, with dazzling and unusual parallels to our own confused society. Allan Janik and Stephen Toulmin have acted on a striking premise: an understanding of prewar Vienna, Wittgenstein s native city, will make it easier to comprehend both his work and our own problems .This is an independent work containing much that is challenging, new, and useful. New York Times Book Review."""
"9781593075538 Witness the untold stories of the Jedi who took a last stand against Emperor Palpatine in the moments during, and immediately after, the events in Revenge of the Sith! Watch Darth Vader undertake a Jedi ""purge"" of his own in the hunt for Obi-Wan Kenobi! In the jungles of the Wookiee homeworld Kashyyyk, Quinlan Vos wages a battle of impossible odds against his own troops to protect his loved ones. On the icy Outer Rim world of Toola, Jedi Master Kai Huddora takes a terrified Padawan into his charge after her own master falls to Order 66. Amidst the forests of New Plymto, Dass Jennir finds himself in league with a band of rebels he'd led attacks against only days before. Not all Jedi are scattered across the galaxy however, and soon, a brave few will plot to topple Sith rule-by setting a trap for the newly unveiled Darth Vader! • Collects Star Wars: Republic 79-83 and the one shot Star Wars: Purge • This volume proves that while the Clone Wars have ended, the fight for the fate of the Jedi has just begun!"
"9780060572976 It's a tough life for witch Rachel Morgan, sexy, independent bounty hunter, prowling the darkest shadows of downtown Cincinnati for criminal creatures of the night. She can handle the leather-clad vamps and even tangle with a cunning demon or two. But a serial killer who feeds on the experts in the most dangerous kind of black magic is definitely pressing the limits. Confronting an ancient, implacable evil is more than just child's play -- and this time, Rachel will be lucky to escape with her very soul."
"9780553297607 With an enormous corporation in control of all explored space, beautiful Morn Hyland must use her feminine wiles to win the affections of Succorso and defeat her new enemy--an alien force intent on mutating human bodies into alien forms. Reprint."
"9780679727224 Luzhin's prodigious talent at chess earns him the title of grandmaster, but his passion soon leads to obsession, and his world falls apart during a championship match when his defense fades under his opponent's surprising strategy."
"9780261102309 This single volume edition of J.R.R Tolkien's trilogy is illustrated with reproductions of 50 original Alan Lee paintings. He has also illustrated Faeries, Merlin Dreams and The Mabinogion."
"9781416508953 Bahzell of the Hradani is Back! Exciting Fantasy Adventure by the New York Times Best-Selling Author of the Honor Harrington Series. First Time in Paperback. In The War God's Own, Bahzell had managed to stop a war by convincing Baron Tellian, leader of the Sothoii, to ""surrender"" to him, the War God's champion. Now, he has journeyed to the Sothoii Wind Plain to oversee the parole he granted to Tellian and his men, to represent the Order of Tomanak, the War God, and to be an ambassador for the hradani. What's more, the flying coursers of the Sothoii have accepted Bahzell as a wind rider-the first hradani wind rider in history. And since the wind riders are the elite of the elite among the Sothoii, Bahzell's ascension is as likely to stir resentment as respect. That combination of duties would have been enough to keep anyone busy-even a warrior prince like Bahzell-but additional complications are bubbling under the surface. The goddess Shigu, the Queen of Hell, is sowing dissension among the war maids of the Sothoii. The supporters of the deposed Sothoii noble who started the war are plotting to murder their new leige lord and frame Bahzell for the deed. Of course, those problems are all in a day's work for a champion of the War God. But what is Bahzell going to do about the fact that Baron Tellian's daughter, and heir to the realm, seems to be thinking that he is the only man-or hradani-for her?"
"9781400307845 Using selections from her works and memoirs of people who knew her, presents the thoughts of Laura Ingalls Wilder on the proper conduct of young women."
"9780060919887 Annie Dillard has written eleven books, including the memoir of her parents, An American Childhood; the Northwest pioneer epic The Living; and the nonfiction narrative Pilgrim at Tinker Creek. A gregarious recluse, she is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Letters."
"9780156306300 When a crew of earthmen--among them a space pilot, a military leader, a scientist, and a priest--reach the planet Quinta, the travelers descend into the very depths of the human condition"
"9781933110455 Is passion still possible the second time around? Poppy Valente has the world in the palm of her hand until fate steals from her the one thing that matters most--her wife Carly. When breast cancer ends their life together, Poppy finds herself at a loss. Julia Johnson is running to Carly's Sound with her newborn daughter Tallulah in search of the path to her future. On a chance meeting two years after Carly's death, these two women form a bond of friendship that lays the foundation for something more."
"9781886363069 Holdsworth, William S. Charles Dickens as a Legal Historian. New Haven: Yale University Press, 1929. 157 pp. Reprinted 1995 by The Lawbook Exchange, Ltd. LCCN 96-46579. ISBN 1-886363-06-4. Cloth. $40. * ""The distinguished English historian, Professor Holdsworth, has contrived even during his moments of recreation to render us his debtors. No two books outside the bounds of technical law are more worth reading for law students than Pickwick Papers and Bleak House. Even a trained trial lawyer however, is puzzled by some of the legal points brought up by Dickens, because they have fortunately passed forever out of the realm of living law. Professor Holdsworth has performed a valuable service to lawyers and laymen alike in explaining these obscurities. And he has done much more than this. He has increased our admiration for the genius of Dickens by proving his great merit as a legal historian."": Zechariah Chafee, Jr. Harvard Law Review 42:286-8."
"9780766144736 A mystery of kinghood in Faerie. Contents: court of stars; book of the voices of Faerie; magic ring; beloved kinsman; paradise of birds; opening of the eyes in Faerie; daughter of the stars; woodland chapel in Faerie; history of Prince Melnor and of Beryl, a queen of spells; day of passing in Faerie; day of betrothal in Faerie; mission from the evening star; obscure night of Faerie; hand and crown in Faerie; way of a crown in Faerie; priest of stars; beginning of travels in Faerie; quest of a soul in Faerie; dream tower; bells of Faerie; festival of kinghood; enthronement."
"9781594489259 A historical chronicle of Victorian London's worst cholera outbreak traces the day-by-day efforts of Dr. John Snow, who put his own life on the line in his efforts to prove his previously dismissed contagion theory about how the epidemic was spreading. 80,000 first printing."
"9781421500911 Sophie thinks of herself as plain and boring, especially compared to her vivacious younger sister Lettie. Sophie expects to spend the rest of her life quietly making hats in the back room of her family's shop, but as her country prepares for war, she is forced to set out on an extraordinary adventure! After a escaping the unwanted attentions of some bored soldiers with the help of a handsome stranger, Sophie returns home only to be accosted by the infamous Witch of the Waste! The Witch lays a curse on her, turning Sophie into a creaky old woman. Sophie knows she has to leave town, and soon finds herself taking shelter in the moving castle of the dread wizard Howl...who is rumoured to eat women's hearts!"
"9780192801739 TYPHOON * FALK * AMY FOSTER *THE SECRET SHARERThe four tales in this volume share autobiographical origins in Conrad's experience at sea and his exile from Poland, the country of his birth. 'Typhoon' is the story of a steamship and her crew beset by tempest, and of the stolid captain whose dogged courage is tested to the limit. In 'Falk' ataciturn young woman is bizarrely courted by a tug-boat master who is haunted by a terrible secret. 'Amy Foster' tells of an emigrant Pole struggling to overcome isolation and prejudice in England. The final tale, 'The Secret Sharer', is Conrad's most famous short story, a masterpiece of suspenseand ambiguity. Giving sanctuary to a fugitive sailor, a young sea-captain risks his ship and his command in order to save him.This revised edition uses the English first edition texts and has a new chronology and bibliography."
"9780851513348 Discovering God's Will draws out fundamental principles by which God guides us. It shows that the guidance God gives comes primarily through knowing, loving and obeying him."
9781590526859 God is the center of reality. And He lovingly calls you to worship Him because you will find the one thing that will bring you the most pleasure: Himself.
"9780375714498 Examines the political role played by the media in shaping events, assesses the relationship between the media and the corporations that control and finance them, and discusses the fine distinctions between news and propaganda."
"9781593600259 Satirizing one of J.R.R. Tolkien's most popular fantasy epics, a parody in the tradition of Bored of the Rings blends modern humor with Tolkien's saga of good and evil. Original."
"9780689846175 Ming Miao tells her kittens about the antics of one of their ancestors, Sagwa of China, that produced the unusual markings they have had for thousands of years."
"9780553381542 Interweaves the events of Tom Wingo's summer in New York and his relationship to Susan Lowenstein, his sister Savannah's beautiful psychiatrist, and the complex history of the South Carolinian Wingo family, from World War II through Vietnam. Reprint."
"9780674992559 In the didactic poetry of Face Cosmetics, Art of Love, and Remedies for Love, Ovid (43 BCE-17 CE) demonstrates abstrusity and wit. His Ibis is an elegiac curse-poem. Nux, Halieutica, and Consolatio ad Liviam are poems now judged not to be by Ovid."
"9780743255813 International publishing sensation Patricia Cornwell's legion of readers will welcome this omnibus edition of her third and fourth megabestselling Kay Scarpetta novels, All That Remains and Cruel & Unusual. These two novels, presented here complete and unabridged, helped to confirm Patricia Cornwell's status as queen of the forensic thriller and one of the world's top bestselling authors. All That Remains A killer is stalking young lovers. Taking their lives and leaving just a tantalizing clue. When the bodies of young couples start turning up in remote woodland areas, Dr. Kay Scarpetta's task as Virginia's Chief Medical Examiner is made more difficult by the effects of the elements. Eight times she must write that the cause of death is undetermined. But when the latest young woman to go missing is the daughter of one of America's most powerful women, Kay also finds herself prey to political pressure and press harassment. The killings must stop. Now. Scarpetta soon discovers that someone is withholding vital evidence, or even faking it. Meanwhile, a cunning sadistic killer is still at large. Cruel & Unusual At 11:05 one December evening in Richmond, Virginia, convicted murderer Ronnie Joe Waddell is pronounced dead in the electric chair. At the morgue, Dr. Kay Scarpetta has been waiting for Waddell's body. Preparing to perform a postmortem before the subject is dead is a strange feeling for Scarpetta, but she has been here before. And Waddell's death is not the only newsworthy event on this freezing night: the grotesquely wounded body of a young boy is found propped against a garbage Dumpster. To Scarpetta, the two cases seem unrelated, until she recalls that the body of Waddell's victim had been arranged in a strikingly similar position. Was Waddell innocent? Is someone else out there, who may attack again?"
"9780192839701 Heralded as Woolf's greatest work of fiction, ""Mrs. Dalloway"" is not only a thorough rendering of a vivid human life, it is the outline on paper of human consciousness. In this vivid portrait of a single day in a woman's life, Clarissa Dalloway readies her house for friends and neighbors as she is is flooded with remembrances of faraway times."
"9780671728205 When an American officer who knows the time and place of the D-Day invasion disappears in German-occupied Jersey, the Allies choose Harry Martineau to direct the rescue mission"
"9780451207791 While Rommel's army bears down on Cairo, a ruthless Nazi agent called ""The Sphinx"" prowls the city's ancient streets to pave the way for an invasion, with no one to stand in his way but a luckless British officer and a Jewish girl, in the classic suspense novel of World War II. Reprint."
"9780786712946 The victim of a Fourth of July gang rape, single mother Teena Maguire and her daughter become the target of harassment and violence on the part of the assailants after Teena identifies the perpetrators for the Niagara Falls Police Department. 75,000 first printing."
"9781840681123 Divine Filth is a collection of long-overlooked erotic prose and scatological fragments rivaled only by Bataille's most well know work, Story of the Eye, for pure 'pornographic' content that transcends the limits of literature and the self. These are shattered mystic visions of a seminal Surrealist with a deep thirst for negation of consciousness through ecstasy, humiliation, depravity and pain. Comprised of two parts, 'Filthy' describes a descent into the scummy underworld of London's nightlife, while 'Divinity' describes drinking to excess and S&M pleasure."
"9780192838971 Throughout his life Leonardo da Vinci carried notebooks in which he scribbled down ideas and opinions as they occurred - personal, domestic, scientific, philosophical, artistic - frequently accompanied by explanatory sketches and diagrams. Surviving manuscripts contain drafts of letters, fanciful fables, rough treatises on the art of painting or the power of water, descriptions of the Medici courts, even jokes. The present selection gives coherence to this rich kaleidoscope of ideas. From it emerges the portrait of a true Renaissance man, whose habit of rigorous enquiry, observation, and experiment, grounded on a philosophic system, led him to conceive of the universe as an organized cosmos corresponding to a work of art."
9781591583660 A handbook offers guidance in developing professional-looking library Web sites without the knowledge of HTML and explains the benefits and limitations of commercially available software.
"9780552154284 Susan had never hung up a stocking . She'd never put a tooth under her pillow in the serious expectation that a dentally inclined fairy would turn up. It wasn't that her parents didn't believe in such things. They didn't need to believe in them. They know they existed. They just wished they didn't. There are those who believe and those who don't. Through the ages, superstition has had its uses. Nowhere more so than in the Discworld where it's helped to maintain the status quo. Anything that undermines superstition has to be viewed with some caution. There may be consequences, particularly on the last night of the year when the time is turning. When those consequences turn out to be the end of the world, you need to be prepared. You might even want more standing between you and oblivion than a mere slip of a girl - even if she has looked Death in the face on numerous occasions..."
"9780744004441 BradyGames' Killer 7 Official Strategy Guide includes the following: Detailed walkthrough for the entire adventure. Area maps that pinpoint critical items. Boss strategies to defeat every enemy and ultimately, Kun Lan. Character profiles for all 7 personalities that comprise the “Smith Alliance”. Game secrets, puzzle solutions, and more! Platform: PlayStation 2 and GameCube Genre: Action Game This title is available for sale in North America only."
"9780872860193 Great strange visionary poems by the author of Howl, ""in the midst of the broken consciousness of mid-twentieth century . . ."" In the midst of the broken consciousness of mid-twentieth century suffering anguish of separation from my own body and its natural infinity of feeling its own self one with all self, I instinctively seeking to reconstitute that blissful union which I experience so rarely. I took it to be supernatural an gave it holy Name thus made hymn laments of longing and litanies of triumphancy of Self over mind-illusion mechano-universe of un-feeling Time in which I saw my self my own mother and my very nation trapped desolate our worlds of consciousness homeless and at war except for the original trembling of bliss in breast and belly of every body that nakedness rejected in suits of fear that familiar defenseless living hurt self which is myself same as all others abandoned scared to own unchanging desire for each other. These poems almost unconscious to confess the beatific human fact, the language intuitively chosen as in trance & dream, the rhythms rising on breath from belly thru breast, the hymn completed in tears, the movement of the physical poetry demanding and receiving decades of life while chanting Kaddish the names of Death in many worlds the self seeking the Key to life found at last in our self."
"9780802151827 Banned in America for almost thirty years because of its explicit sexual content, this companion volume to Miller’s Tropic of Cancer chronicles his life in 1920s New York City. Famous for its frank portrayal of life in Brooklyn’s ethnic neighborhoods and Miller’s outrageous sexual exploits, The Tropic of Capricorn is now considered a cornerstone of modern literature."
"9781400079377 On his first day of training, Stephen Jones, a young recruit, reports to the Zephyr Holding Building, where he finds a company defined by its lack of clarity, a building numbered in reverse, an invisible CEO, and a crisis over the theft of a donut, in a zany satire of corporate life. By the author of Jennifer Government. Reprint. 50,000 first printing."
"9780844667508 In this taut, chilling novel, Lester Ballard--a violent, dispossessed man falsely accused of rape--haunts the hill country of East Tennessee when he is released from jail. While telling his story, Cormac McCarthy depicts the most sordid aspects of life with dignity, humor, and characteristic lyrical brilliance."
"9780345397393 Hundreds of entries discuss various topics related to the Anne Rice series of vampire novels, and include characters, themes, places, and symbolism in the novels"
"9780330371223 The problem with being a bounty hunter is it's all on-the-job training. And Stephanie Plum is still learning the ways to get yourself killed. Take the case of Maxine Norwicki.... When Maxine failed to turn up for her day in court, Stephanie was given the task of bringing her in. Simple. Except Maxine's boyfriend has now begun receiving mysterious, coded notes from the runaway that hint at buried treasure. In fact the notes are so indecipherable that Stephanie has to call on the help of Sally Sweet, giant drag queen and code-breaker extraordinaire. And Steph's knight errant, cop Joe Morelli. is also proving useful - although he can't decide what he wants most: Maxine's bounty or Stephanie's body. Meanwhile a friend loses a finger, a mother is scalped, an apartment is firebombed and a store clerk is murdered. And out in the street, the crazy treasure hunt game goes on.... 'Stephanie Plum is ass-kicking form..... utterly delightful.' Cosmopolitan 'As smart and sassy as high-gloss wet paint.' Time Out ' Among the great joys of contemporary crime fiction.' GQ 'All the easy class and wit that you expect to find in the best American TV Comedy, but too rarely find in modern fiction.' GQ"
"9780060872793 Bookseller Bernie Rhodenbarr's in love—with an exotic Eastern European beauty who shares his obsession with Humphrey Bogart movies. He's in heaven, munching popcorn with his new amour every night at a Bogart Film Festival—until their Casablanca-esque idyll is cut short by his other secret passion: burglary. When he's hired to pilfer a portfolio of valuable documents from a Park Avenue apartment, Bernie can hardly refuse. But the occupant's early return forces Bernie to flee empty-handed—and he soon finds himself implicated in a murder. Before you can say ""who stole the strawberries?"" he's hunting for a killer, up to his neck in the outrageous intrigues of a tiny Balkan nation . . . and menaced by more sinister fat men and unsavory toadies than the great Bogie himself butted heads with in pursuit of that darn bird!"
"9780521290609 This is a volume of philosophical studies, centred on problems of personal identity and extending to related topics in the philosophy of mind and moral philosophy."
"9780156286510 P. N. Furbank's 1978 two-volume portrait, combined here into one edition, is generally considered the definitive biography of novelist E. M. Forster. ""One of the best biographies of a writer I've ever read.""--Walter Clemons, Newsweek"
"9781595820617 For over 20 years, the character Vampire Hunter D has haunted the imaginations of people around the world, its image forever etched in the mind's eye through the dazzling artwork of Yoshitaka Amano. As the original novels appear in English for the first time, American readers are clamoring for a more extensive look at this singular creation. Coffin obliges. This gorgeous retrospective embraces the full scope of Amano's work with the character: in the novels, as inspiration for the animators of the two theatrical films, rare paintings, and illustrations created for release as limited edition prints. In addition to the breathtaking artwork, Coffin features an original Vampire Hunter D short story by creator Hideyuki Kikuchi, available nowhere else."
"9780465070596 Identifies a disproportionate representation of African-American children in the U.S. foster care system, noting racial disparities and political policies that negatively impact black communities, contribute to child poverty rates, and adversely separate families. Reprint. 15,000 first printing."
9780440228844 Seventeen-year-old Jessica Allodola discovers that the vampire world of her fiction is real when she develops relationships with an alluring vampire named Aubrey and the teenage witch who is trying to save Jessica from his clutches.
"9780976694021 Great management is difficult to see as it occurs. It's possible to see the results of great management, but it's not easy to see how managers achieve those results. You can learn to be a better manager--even a great manager--with this guide. You'll follow along as Sam, a manager just brought on board, learns the ropes and deals with his new team over the course of his first eight weeks on the job. From scheduling and managing resources to helping team members grow and prosper, you'll be there as Sam makes it happen. You'll find powerful tips covering: Delegating effectively, Using feedback and goal-setting, Developing influence, Handling one-on-one meetings, Coaching and mentoring, Deciding what work to do--and what not to do. - Publisher."
"9780060834005 Traces the author's coming of age in the Jim Crow-era South, a period during which he struggled to survive while journeying from innocence to adulthood."
"9780807085738 Traveling to more than thirty countries to define the scientific, economic, and historical dimensions of the water crisis, offers a solution based on managing the water cycle for the maximum social good, rather than pure self-interest."
"9780380720446 Behold the Handwriting of God Astrophysicist and adventurer George Smoot spent twenty years pursuing the ""holy grail of science"" -- a relentless hunt that led him from the rain forests of Brazil to the frozen wastes of Antarctica. For decades he persevered -- struggling against time, the elements, the forces of ignorance and bureaucratic insanity. And finally, on April 23, 1992, he made a startling announcement that would usher in a new scientific age. For George Smoot and his dedicated team of Berkeley researchers had proven the unprovable -- uncovering, inarguably and for all time, the secrets of the creation of the Universe."
"9781859605158 All common engine, chassis and electrical systems fully explained and illustrated. Topics covered include engine cycles and layouts, carburettors and fuel injection, ignition systems, clutches, gearbox, engine lubrication and cooling, wheels, tires, braking systems, suspension, steering, handling, design and electrical systems."
"9780674992405 These volumes contain the teachings (""Discourses"") of the slave-philosopher Epictetus (55 A.D-135 AD). Also included in volume 2 are ""Fragments"", additional pieces from other (now lost) books of the ""Discourses""; and ""The Encheirdion"", a collection of practical precepts for stoicism which can be seen as a handbook for life."
"9780156260374 Entries interrupted only by her periodic breakdowns record the daily events and activities, enthusiasms and disappointments, and writing tasks in Virginia Woolf's life and her responses to people, books, and her own work"
"9781423101451 When the goddess Artemis goes missing, she is believed to have been kidnapped.And now it's up to Percy and his friends to find out what happened. Who is powerful enough to kidnap a goddess? They must find Artemis before the winter solstice, when her influence on the Olympian Council could swing an important vote on the war with the titans. Not only that, but first Percy will have to solve the mystery of a rare monster that Artemis was hunting when she disappeared -- a monster rumored to be so powerful it could destroy Olympus forever."
"9780060882860 One of Gabriel García Márquez's most intricate and ambitious works, The Autumn of the Patriarch is a brilliant tale of a Caribbean tyrant and the corruption of power. From charity to deceit, benevolence to violence, fear of God to extreme cruelty, the dictator of The Autumn of the Patriarch embodies the best and the worst of human nature. Gabriel García Márquez, the renowned master of magical realism, vividly portrays the dying tyrant caught in the prison of his own dictator-ship. Employing an innovative, dreamlike style, and overflowing with symbolic descriptions, the novel transports the reader to a world that is at once fanciful and real."
"9780140442328 Handsome would-be poet Lucien Chardon is poor and naive, but highly ambitious. Failing to make his name in his dull provincial hometown, he is taken up by a patroness, the captivating married woman Madame de Bargeton, and prepares to forge his way in the glamorous beau monde of Paris. But Lucien has entered a world far more dangerous than he realized, as Madame de Bargeton's reputation becomes compromised and the fickle, venomous denizens of the courts and salons conspire to keep him out of their ranks. Lucien eventually learns that, wherever he goes, talent counts for nothing in comparison to money, intrigue and unscrupulousness. Lost Illusions is one of the greatest novels in the rich procession of the Comedie humaine, Balzac's panoramic social and moral history of his times."
"9780843951776 After the tales of horror that took place in Harrow House in The Infinite and Mischief, this book takes a look back to tell the story of how the sinister house was built."
"9780393318791 Describes Hemingway's life in 1920's Paris, his first marriage to Hadley Richardson, his friendships with other American expatriots, and his discovery of the bullfights at Pamplona"
"9781861891846 Drawing on years of archival research, interviews with artists and publishers, and the ethnographic study of their rural consumers, Christopher Pinney traces the intimate connections between the production and consumption of mass-produced images in India and the struggle against colonial rule."
"9780307337337 The star of television's The Dog Whisperer presents a commonsense guide to understanding canine behavior and dealing with common dog problems, explaining how to use a dog's natural pack instincts to help fix behavioral issues and emphasizing the importance of exercise, discipline, and affection in each dog's life. 50,000 first printing."
"9781844494248 Updated and redesigned editions of the classic guides to the music of the worldâs best known acts. Written by experts, each book examines every song in a given artistâs recorded repertoire, making it an invaluable guide for collectors and fans alike."
"9781400031368 Precious Ramotswe investigates two very different cases--the alleged poisoning of the brother of an important government official, and the moral character of the finalists of the Miss Beauty and Integrity Contest."
"9781401200190 Imagine if every paranoid fantasy, every conspiracy theory, every alleged cover-up and government deception, every tabloid story you've ever heard ...were true. Discover a world where paranoia is a survival skill and the only hope for mankind is a group of unconventional occultist freedom fighters-The Invisibles."
"9780380792047 Two little girls have suddenly become deathly ill, and eldress Rose Callahan suspects they may have eaten something from the Medicinal Herb Garden. Her suspicions focus on Andrew, who is expanding the tiny industry and experimenting with new herbs. But as Rose investigates, an unexplained death occurs and some chilling secrets come to light--secrets that may make Rose the next victim."
"9780446694858 As moving as his bestselling works of fiction, Nicholas Sparks's unique memoir, written with his brother, chronicles the life-affirming journey of two brothers bound by memories, both humorous and tragicIn January 2003, Nicholas Sparks and his brother, Micah, set off on a three-week trip around the globe. It was to mark a milestone in their lives, for at thirty-seven and thirty-eight respectively, they were now the only surviving members of their family. Against the backdrop of the wonders of the world and often overtaken by their feelings, daredevil Micah and the more serious, introspective Nicholas recalled their rambunctious childhood adventures and the tragedies that tested their faith. And in the process, they discovered startling truths about loss, love, and hope.Narrated with irrepressible humor and rare candor, and including personal photos, THREE WEEKS WITH MY BROTHER reminds us to embrace life with all its uncertainties...and most of all, to cherish the joyful times, both small and momentous, and the wonderful people who make them possible."
"9780451160317 Chronicles the three-year battle of a mentally ill, but perceptive, teenage girl against a world of her own creation, emphasizing her relationship with the doctor who gave her the ammunition of self-understanding with which to destroy that world of fantasy."
"9780691102962 Provides an account of the 1990s research in Greenland that revealed a history of global climatic change, and suggests that ""switches"" and ""dials"" that control Earth's climate may cause severe weather changes in the future."
"9780393321807 Now in paperback, this illuminating work serves as both an introduction to Proust--perhaps Europe's most enduring 20th-century novelist--and a searching reinterpretation of his work, particularly the masterpiece ""In Search of Lost Time""."
"9780140274219 This is Jean Rhys' powerful and compassionate story of the first Mrs Rochester, haunted by her brother's death and the madness of her mother, she is trapped in a marriage with a man who wants to take her away from Jamaica to England."
9780521532471 A new section of the Introduction to this updated edition considers important professional theater productions and the large output of scholarly criticism on the play which have appeared in recent years. The Reading List has been revised and augmented to reflect the scope of the revised edition. First Edition Hb (1985): 0-521-22194-3 First Edition Pb (1985): 0-521-29389-8
"9780446578844 Offers a guide to the art of entertaining, furnishing recipes, helpful advice, and offbeat tips on how to host parties with extraordinary flair, covering such topics as unique dishes to serve alcoholics and arts and crafts ideas."
"9780802715524 An offbeat history of the world traces the story of humankind from the Stone Age to the twenty-first century from the perspective of six different drinks--beer, wine, spirits, coffee, tea, and cola--describing their pervasive influence during pivotal eras of world history, from humankind's adoption of agriculture to the advent of globalization. Reprint. 40,000 first printing."
"9780393061437 The high-tech wizard behind Apple offers a personal account of the creation of the first personal computer by marrying computer circuitry with a video screen and a typewriter keyboard to create the affordable, easy-to-use Apple I, detailing his life before and after Apple and providing a personal perspective on an invention that ignited the computer revolution. 50,000 first printing."
"9780374525866 Winner of the National Book Award for Fiction Introduction by Jhumpa Lahiri Bernard Malamud's first book of short stories, The Magic Barrel, has been recognized as a classic from the time it was published in 1959. The stories are set in New York and in Italy (where Malamud's alter ego, the struggleing New York Jewish Painter Arthur Fidelman, roams amid the ruins of old Europe in search of his artistic patrimony); they tell of egg candlers and shoemakers, matchmakers, and rabbis, in a voice that blends vigorous urban realism, Yiddish idiom, and a dash of artistic magic. The Magic Barrel is a book about New York and about the immigrant experience, and it is high point in the modern American short story. Few books of any kind have managed to depict struggle and frustration and heartbreak with such delight, or such artistry."
"9780966264920 ""The Beatles'Story on Capitol Records, Part Two: The Albums"" is the second volume of Bruce Spizer's epic Capitol project. The book opens in 1964 with the release of ""Meet The Beatles!"" and moves forward through 1967's ""Magical Mystery Tour."" Here is the real story behind the Capitol LPs, with explanations of why Capitol reconfigured the Beatles albums for the American market. For each album, the book provides session and chart information and pictures of the front and back covers, all label variations, trade advertisements, promotional posters and displays. The book offers the most comprehensive coverage ever on the infamous butcher cover to the ""Yesterday And Today"" album, which was judged so offensive that it had to be recalled and destroyed. It also provides full details regarding the recording and marketing of ""Sgt, Pepper's Lonely Harts Club Band."" Also included are chapters on the albums issued by Capitol's Canadian and Mexican subsidiaries and a complete breakdown on the stereo, duophonic and mono mixes used by Capitol. Contains over 600 color and original black & white images."
"9780060846732 In this follow-up to her bestselling Sex with Kings, Eleanor Herman reveals the truth about what goes on behind the closed door of a queen's boudoir. Impeccably researched, filled with page-turning romance, passion, and scandal, Sex with the Queen explores the scintillating sexual lives of some of our most beloved and infamous female rulers. She was the queen, living in an opulent palace, wearing lavish gowns and dazzling jewels. She was envied, admired, and revered. She was also miserable, having been forced to marry a foreign prince sight unseen, a royal ogre who was sadistic, foaming at the mouth, physically repulsive, mentally incompetent, or sexually impotent—and in some cases all of the above. How did queens find happiness? In courts bristling with testosterone—swashbuckling generals, polished courtiers, and virile cardinals—many royal women had love affairs. Anne Boleyn flirted with courtiers; Catherine Howard slept with one. Henry VIII had both of them beheaded. Catherine the Great had her idiot husband murdered, and ruled the Russian empire with a long list of sexy young favorites. Marie Antoinette fell in love with the handsome Swedish count Axel Fersen, who tried valiantly to rescue her from the guillotine. Empress Alexandra of Russia found emotional solace in the mad monk Rasputin. Her behavior was the spark that set off the firestorm of the Russian revolution. Princess Diana gave up her palace bodyguard to enjoy countless love affairs, which tragically led to her early death. When a queen became sick to death of her husband and took a lover, anything could happen—from disgrace and death to political victory. Some kings imprisoned erring wives for life; other monarchs obligingly named the queen's lover prime minister. The crucial factor deciding the fate of an unfaithful queen was the love affair's implications in terms of power, money, and factional rivalry. At European courts, it was the politics—not the sex—that caused a royal woman's tragedy—or her ultimate triumph."
"9780143036395 Carol Shields' The Stone Diaries irrevocably transformed our understanding of the art of storytelling-and won Shields the Pulitzer Prize in Literature. Artfully disguised as a novel masquerading as the autobiography of an ordinary woman, this seductively written tale gradually reveals itself to be a profound meditation on fact, fiction, and the vast, blurred territory that lies between. Book jacket."
"9781401211349 Presents a practical guide that addresses many of the tough issues teens and parents face, and offers advice to maintaining a positive dialogue that fostered mutual respect."
"9780312348649 Having agreed from the start of their relationship that they did not want children, Claudia and Ben find their previously idyllic marriage tested when Ben realizes that he wants to be a father after all. By the author of Something Borrowed and Something Blue. 300,000 first printing."
"9780306805622 On June 17, 1940 William L. Shirer stood in the streets of Paris and watched the unending flow of gray German uniforms along its boulevards. In just six lovely weeks in the spring and summer of 1940 a single battle brought down in total military defeat one of the world's oldest, greatest, and most civilized powers—the second mightiest empire on earth and the possessor of one of the finest military machines ever assembled. How did it happen? After nearly a decade of research in the massive archives left from World War II and after hundreds of conversations with the Third Republic’s leaders, generals, diplomats, and ordinary citizens, Shirer presents the definitive answer in his stunning re-creation of why and how France fell before Hitler's armies in 1940. His book is also a devastating examination of the confusion, corruption, and cynicism that drained the strength and toughness of a democracy which Thomas Jefferson once called ""every man's second country."" This book complements and completes the dramatic story of The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich and continues to rank as one of the most important works of history of our time."
"9780671039745 In a classic tale of horror by Stephen King, a man returns to his hometown of Jerusalem's Lot, Maine, only to find it infested with vampires. Reprint."
"9780395680926 Describes and documents the myths and legends of the Elder Days, as they were evolved and transformed by Tolkien and includes never-before-published documents in which the author struggles to examine the nature and destiny of his characters. 13,500 first printing."
"9780140071788 Who better to investigate the literary spirit world that the supreme connoisseur of the unexpected, Roald Dahl? His own short stories have teased and twisted imaginations in their millions, but amongst the many permutations of the macabre, Dahl has always felt a special fascination for the classic ghost story. In this book of ghost stories he has selected fourteen of his favourites for this superbly disquieting volume."
"9780156029025 Private detective partners Patrick Kenzie and Angela Gennaro are hired to find Jenna Angeline, a missing black cleaning woman who allegedly stole confidential state documents, but as their investigation becomes complicated by rival gang leaders, extortion, child prostitution, and assassination reaching to the highest levels of government, they discover that their target has been framed. Reprint. 15,000 first printing."
"9780099428640 Written in 1914, The Trial is the terrifying tale of Josef K., a respectable bank officer who is suddenly arrested and must defend himself against a charge about which he can get no information. Kafka’s nightmare has resonated with chilling truth for generations of readers."
"9780440419174 Profiles the turbulent life of Vincent van Gogh from his birth in the Netherlands, through his attempts to be a clergyman, to his years of painting, and finally, to his death in Auvers-sur-Oise near Paris. An ALA Notable Book. Reprint."
"9780312982010 On Christmas Eve in 1985, a hunter found a young boy's body along an icy corn field in Nebraska. The residents of Chester, Nebraska buried him as ""Little Boy Blue,"" unclaimed and unidentified-- until a phone call from Ohio two years later led authorities to Eli Stutzman, the boy's father. Eli Stutzman, the son of an Amish bishop, was by all appearances a dedicated farmer and family man in the country's strictest religious sect. But behind his quiet façade was a man involved with pornography, sadomasochism, and drugs. After the suspicious death of his pregnant wife, Stutzman took his preschool-age son, Danny, and hit the road on a sexual odyssey ending with his conviction for murder. But the mystery of Eli Stutzman and the fate of his son didn't end on the barren Nebraska plains. It was just beginning. . . Gregg Olsen's Abandoned Prayers is an incredible true story of murder and Amish secrets."
"9780515131093 Collects paranormal and futuristic romantic stories, including a cop caught up in an off-world murder case, an unusual love triangle, a witch's search for the love of one man, and the longing of a telepath for human contact."
9780006472612 Kate Blackwell is an enigma and one of the most powerful women in the world. But at her ninetieth birthday celebrations there are ghosts of absent friends and absent enemies.
"9780446699075 On a remote island in the Canadian Arctic, researchers discover the wreckage of a mysterious World War II-era aircraft, a discovery that forces the Russian Federation into a shocking admission. The unmarked plane is a Soviet strategic bomber that disappeared with its crew more than fifty years ago while carrying two metric tons of weaponized anthrax. Desperate to prevent a political and diplomatic firestorm, the U.S. president dispatches a Covert-One team led by Lieutenant Colonel Jon Smith to the crash site. But others have reached the frigid, windswept island first, including an international arms dealer and his crew of vicious mercenaries. As for the Russians, they are lying: a second, even deadlier secret rests within the hulk of the lost bomber, a secret the Russians are willing to kill to protect. Trapped in a polar wilderness, Smith and his team find themselves fighting a savage war on two front--against an enemy they can see and another hiding within their own ranks."
"9780761417101 Looks at the events leading up to the War of 1812 and the battle of Fort McHenry, and describes the story of the ""Star Spangled Banner"" and how the poem became the national anthem of the United States."
"9780747553861 Pastoralia was published to huge literary acclaim, establishing George Saunders, one of the New Yorker's 'twenty writers for the 21st century', as one of the most hypnotic and original voices of contemporary fiction."
"9780345352446 The fourth and final volume of The Saga of Pliocene Exile. Until the arrival of Aiken Drum, the 100,000 humans who had fled backward in time to Pliocene exile on Earth knew little but slavery to the Tanu -- the humanoid aliens who came from another galaxy. But King Aiken's rule is precarious, for the Tanu's twisted bretheren are secretly maneuvering to bring about his downfall. Worse -- Aiken is about to confront a man of incredibly powerful Talents who nearly overthrew a galactic rule. He is Marc Remillard. Call him . . . The Adversary."
9780312267179 A Vietnamese American returns to the land of his birth in a memoir of the consequences of war and the divide that still separates Asian Americans from the dominant culture
"9780385333788 Kurt Vonnegut's first novel spins the chilling tale of engineer Paul Proteus, who must find a way to live in a world dominated by a supercomputer and run completely by machines. Paul's rebellion is vintage Vonnegut—wildly funny, deadly serious, and terrifyingly close to reality."
"9780141307411 Benjamin Lebert introduces himself on the first day at his new school: Hi, I'm Benjamin Lebert, I'm 16 and a cripple. Just so you know... He is paralysed down his left side, but nevertheless lives his life to the full as a rebellious schoolboy, smoking, drinking, running away, meeting girls and having sex - and all the while pondering the meaning of life."
"9780446604239 An ace reporter investigates the suspicious death of her best friend's baby in this #1 New York Times bestselling political thriller of murder, passion, and intrigue in the White House. Barrie Travis is not famous; she's just a damn good reporter stuck at a low-budget television station. Then, her old friend -- now America's First Lady -- asks her to investigate the death of her baby. Stunned by grief after the loss of her infant son, the President's wife hints that her child didn't really die of SIDS; in reality, he may have been murdered. Blind to everything but finding the truth, Barrie delves into the private lives of the president and his wife and uncovers dark and terrible secrets that will test her ethics, her patriotism, and her courage. With the help of Gray Bondurant, a mysterious former presidential aide, this story could topple the presidency and change the course of history. In this fast-moving tale from a master of suspense, Barrie must fight powerful forces that want nothing more than to see the scandalous past -- and a certain young reporter -- dead and buried."
"9780195325928 Mathematics and logic have been central topics of concern since the dawn of philosophy. Since logic is the study of correct reasoning, it is a fundamental branch of epistemology and a priority in any philosophical system. Philosophers have focused on mathematics as a case study for general philosophical issues and for its role in overall knowledge- gathering. Today, philosophy of mathematics and logic remain central disciplines in contemporary philosophy, as evidenced by the regular appearance of articles on these topics in the best mainstream philosophical journals; in fact, the last decade has seen an explosion of scholarly work in these areas. This volume covers these disciplines in a comprehensive and accessible manner, giving the reader an overview of the major problems, positions, and battle lines. The 26 contributed chapters are by established experts in the field, and their articles contain both exposition and criticism as well as substantial development of their own positions. The essays, which are substantially self-contained, serve both to introduce the reader to the subject and to engage in it at its frontiers. Certain major positions are represented by two chapters--one supportive and one critical. The Oxford Handbook of Philosophy of Math and Logic is a ground-breaking reference like no other in its field. It is a central resource to those wishing to learn about the philosophy of mathematics and the philosophy of logic, or some aspect thereof, and to those who actively engage in the discipline, from advanced undergraduates to professional philosophers, mathematicians, and historians."
"9781555916220 The writer Tom Wolfe once described Hunter S. Thompson as the finest comic writer of the 20th century. Thompson was this and more, an apt observer of the American scene for almost four decades, the founding father of Gonzo journalism, and an inspiration to many. Through his writings, Thompson examined the loss of American innocence in the latter part of the 20th century, all the while holding up those deserving of contempt for closer examination and espousing (and exemplifying) what it meant to be a citizen at the end of the American Century. With his death, a vacuum was created that remains to be filled. Anita Thompson explores the legacy of her late husband as a writer and as a citizen, through her own words and through interviews with those who knew him best including Johnny Depp, Ed Bradley, Doug Brinkley, Jack Nicholson, Bill Murray, Senator George McGovern, and others."
"9780552998871 On the face of it, Rebecca Bloomwood has it all. Confident, single and happily living in desres Fulham, she's a financial journalist who spends her days writing articles advising other people on the importance of budgeting and prudent investment. Her private life is a different story though; Rebecca manages her own finaces in a way that would make most of her reader's hair curl. For Rebecca is a woman on a mission - she just can't stop spending (Publisher)"
"9780415050791 ""By and large, scholars have asked what the Presocratics said, and what external circumstances may have prompted their sayings; they have not asked whether the Presocratics spoke truly, ow whether their sayings rested on sound arguments. It is those latter questions with which my book is primarily concerned.""--Preface, p.xi."
"9780312865764 Jack Vance is undoubtedly one of the most gifted and versatile authors of science fiction today. The winner of a Hugo, a Nebula, and a World Fantasy Award, Vance lays claim to a career that spans more than five decades of critical acclaim and devoted readership. Tor Books has recognized his widespread audience and for years has brought classic Jack Vance novels back into print--most recently The Demon Princes, Volume One, and omnibus containing the first three books of Vance's beloved Demon Princes series. Tor now presents The Demon Princes, Volume Two, and omnibus containing the series' final two novels, The Face and The Book of Dreams. Kirth Gersen carries in his pocket a slip of paper with a list of five names written upon it--the names of five Demon Princes. The Demon Princes are a race of beings who disguise themselves as humans and delight in power and destruction. however, to Kirth they are merely murderers who killed his family and destroyed his home planet--and who deserves to die for those misdeeds. Three have already fallen in Kirth's hands, but there are two more names on his list, two more Princes who will live only long enough to regret their evil ways. Lens Larque was just as unique as the other Demon Princes--uniquely appalling. He was personally ugly, startling vicious, and arrogant above all others. Larque's own mission was a villainy of the highest order, and his personal obsession with success kept him hidden well from attackers--almost well enough. Howard Alan Treesong poisoned his friends, tortured his colleagues, and wrote his own horrific holy book, The Book of Dreams. But, clever as he may be, a galaxy-wide guessing game will be his undoing--and Kirth Gersen's sworn vengeance will be complete."
"9780380794874 In a remarkable debut novel that sizzles with sensuality, crackles with life-affirming energy and moves the reader to laughter and tears, author Pearl Cleage creates a world rich in character, human drama, and deep, compassionate understanding. After a decade of luxe living in Atlanta, Ava Johnson has returned to tiny Idlewild, Michigan -- her fabulous career and power plans smashed to bits on one dark truth: Ava has tested positive for HIV. Bur rather than a sorrowful end, her homecoming is a new beginning. Because, in the ten-plus years since she left, all the problems of the big city have invaded the sleepy community of her childhood. Because dear friends and family sorely need her help in the face of impending trouble and tragedy, and Ava cannot turn her back on them. And because, most importantly, Ava Johnson is inexplicabley and undeniably falling in love."
"9780743426923 Since the beginning of time, the angelic hosts of the High Heavens and the demonic hordes of the Burning Hells have been locked in a struggle for the fate of all Creation. That struggle has now come to the mortal realm...and neither Man nor Demon nor Angel will be left unscathed.... Legend speaks of a long-dead city known as Ureh, thought by many to have been a gateway to the High Heavens. It is believed that every two thousand years, when the stars align and the shadow of Mount Nymyr falls upon the ruins, Ureh is reborn -- and all its lost riches are revealed to those brave enough to seek them out. Now, after a lifetime of research and intense calculation, the Vizjerei sorcerer, Quov Tsin, has come to witness Ureh's rebirth for himself. But that which awaits Tsin and his hired band of mercenaries is nothing like what they expected. They will find that the dream of radiant Ureh is, in fact, a twisted nightmare of horror -- one that will draw them inexorably into The Kingdom of Shadow An original tale of swords, sorcery, and timeless struggle based on the bestselling, award-winning M-rated computer game from Blizzard Entertainment. Intended for mature readers."
"9780071418584 ""You'll not only break the ice, you'll melt it away with your new skills."" -- Larry King ""The lost art of verbal communication may be revitalized by Leil Lowndes."" -- Harvey McKay, author of “How to Swim with the Sharks Without Being Eaten Alive” What is that magic quality makes some people instantly loved and respected? Everyone wants to be their friend (or, if single, their lover!) In business, they rise swiftly to the top of the corporate ladder. What is their ""Midas touch?"" What it boils down to is a more skillful way of dealing with people. The author has spent her career teaching people how to communicate for success. In her book How to Talk to Anyone (Contemporary Books, October 2003) Lowndes offers 92 easy and effective sure-fire success techniques-- she takes the reader from first meeting all the way up to sophisticated techniques used by the big winners in life. In this information-packed book you’ll find: 9 ways to make a dynamite first impression 14 ways to master small talk, ""big talk,"" and body language 14 ways to walk and talk like a VIP or celebrity 6 ways to sound like an insider in any crowd 7 ways to establish deep subliminal rapport with anyone 9 ways to feed someone's ego (and know when NOT to!) 11 ways to make your phone a powerful communications tool 15 ways to work a party like a politician works a room 7 ways to talk with tigers and not get eaten alive In her trademark entertaining and straight-shooting style, Leil gives the techniques catchy names so you'll remember them when you really need them, including: ""Rubberneck the Room,"" ""Be a Copyclass,"" ""Come Hither Hands,"" “Bare Their Hot Button,” “The Great Scorecard in the Sky,"" and ""Play the Tombstone Game,” for big success in your social life, romance, and business. How to Talk to Anyone, which is an update of her popular book, Talking the Winner's Way (see the 5-star reviews of the latter) is based on solid research about techniques that work! By the way, don't confuse How to Talk to Anyone with one of Leil's previous books, How to Talk to Anybody About Anything. This one is completely different!"
"9780152049676 A child describes pleasant ways to stay warm during the winter, from sipping hot chocolate and eating grilled cheese sandwiches to wearing woolly sweaters and sitting near a glowing fireplace."
"9781565124820 An original guide to cocktails and the literary life brings together classic cocktail recipes, literary history, and entertaining anecdotes about famous American literati, with excerpts from each writer's work alongside a drink recipe, biographical sketch, and stories about life, literature, and drinking."
"9780141318301 ""If a person has ugly thoughts, it begins to show on the face. And when that person has ugly thoughts every day, every week, every year, the face gets uglier and uglier until it looks so ugly you can hardly bear to look at it."" How do you outwit a Twit? Mr. and Mrs. Twit are the smelliest, ugliest people in the world. They hate everything -- except playing mean jokes on each other, catching innocent birds to put in their Bird Pies, and making their caged monkeys, the Muggle-Wumps, stand on their heads all day. But the Muggle-Wumps have had enough. They don't just want out, they want revenge."
"9780375844409 Although they have been friends and neighbors all their lives, straight Naomi and gay Ely find their relationship severely strained during their freshman year at New York University when Naomi starts dating Bruce."
"9780767920094 The founder of the first clinic in the country to study and treat women's brain functions provides a truly comprehensive look at the way women's minds work, combining two decades of research, real-life stories, and all of the latest information from the scientific community at large. 35,000 first printing."
"9780679838869 Through a misunderstanding, Junie B. thinks that her new baby brother is really a baby monkey, and her report of this news creates excitement and trouble in her kindergarten class."
"9781861974426 Like Underhill's bestseller, Why We Buy, this is a pleasurable and informative book on how we shop that surprises and tickles. Like Bill Bryson's Walk in the Woods, which took readers up the Appalachian Trail, this book takes readers to a place they know much better: the shopping centre, the place where people meet. Nothing exemplifies shopping more than the mall or shopping centre. It is the US's gift to personal consumption and the crossroad where consumer marketing, media and street culture meet. It is where the developed world (and increasingly everyone else too) goes to acquire, eat and hang out. It is where fashion trends are made dreams are constructed, and many people find their first jobs. The Call of the Mall is about sex and buying lingerie, about why the same camel coat costs exactly twice as much in the women's department to the men's, about why all mall food is so dreadful when the commodities in the shops are so good. Why location matters so much - but more for perfumes than DIY and why malls are invariably such bad architecture. Underhill's views on the mall are sophisticated, funny, serious, and surprising."
"9781599982939 By night, he becomes a mysterious stranger devoted only to her pleasure?and discovers she?s hiding a naughty little secret.After divorcing her never-home husband, Lauren Southall plucked up her courage, dusted off her power suits, and returned to corporate life. Two years later, there?s just one six-foot three, testosterone-packed problem: her ex-husband?s good friend and her current boss, Noah Reeves. Lauren aches for him. No other man will do. But she can?t possibly measure up to the silicone-packed professional cheerleaders he dates. So she hides her desire behind a professional persona and fantasizes.For ten years, Noah Reeves has waited to make Lauren his. Once her divorce was final, he tracked down and hired the brilliant, dedicated woman. But when he?s with her, it isn?t spreadsheets and profit margins on his brain. Problem is, she?s never seen him as anything but her ex-husband?s pal. Now that she?s finally a free woman and with him 40+ hours a week, well? he?d love to persuade her to throw in her nights and weekends.Noah decides to romance her by day. By night, he becomes a mysterious stranger devoted only to her pleasure?and discovers she?s hiding a naughty little secret of her own.Warning, this title contains the following: explicit sex, graphic language."
"9780152052607 In winning a medal she is no longer there to receive, a tight-lipped little Polish girl teaches her classmates a lesson. Includes a note from the author's daughter, Helena Estes."
"9780517201664 For the first time ever, three of the author's most beloved novels are compiled here in one extraordinary volume: Tim; An Indecent Obsession; and The Ladies of Missalonghi."
"9780261103665 These tales tell of the rebellion of Feanor and his kindred against the gods, and of the war, hopeless, despite great heroism, against the great enemy."
"9780872201774 This new edition of Hobbe's masterpiece is uniquely suited to meet the needs of both student and scholar. It offers a brilliant introduction by Edwin Curley, modernised spelling and punctuation of the text, and a key annotative feature found in no other edition: the inclusion, along with historical and interpretive notes, of the most significant variants between the English version of 1651 and the Latin version of 1668. A glossary of seventeenth century English terms and indexes of persons, subjects, and scriptural passages help make this the most thoughtfully conceived edition of Leviathan available."
"9780099556312 The twin jet plane en route to Denver from Hong Kong is merely a green radar blip half an hour off the California coast when the call comes through to air traffic control: 'Socal Approach, this is TransPacific 545. We have an emergency. ' The pilot requ"
9780553578126 The rise of an evil alien race empowered by a new form of magic forces the remnants of humanity to search for a newly forged Darksword
"9780895260789 Arguing that the anti-Americanism of Europe may force America to stand alone in the world against global terrorism and other threats, the author paints a chilling portrait of a nation surrounded by enemies and less-than-loyal allies."
"9780764586620 The original CliffsNotes study guides offer expert commentary on major themes, plots, characters, literary devices, and historical background. The latest generation of titles in this series also feature glossaries and visual elements that complement the classic, familiar format. In CliffsNotes on One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, you explore Ken Kesey's best-known work, one that challenges the preconceived ideas of what constitutes sanity and insanity. A mistakenly undertaken power struggle in an insane asylum results in a suicide, a murder, and a liberation, and leaves the reader with a paradoxical feeling that both disturbs and pleases. This study guide carefully walks you through the novel by providing summaries and critical analyses of each section. You'll also explore the life and background of the author, Ken Kesey, and gain insight into how he came to write One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. Other features that help you study include Character analyses of major players A character map that graphically illustrates the relationships among the characters Critical essays on topics like the role of women and the comparison between the film and novel A review section that tests your knowledge A Resource Center full of books, articles, films, and Internet sites Classic literature or modern modern-day treasure — you'll understand it all with expert information and insight from CliffsNotes study guides."
"9780940450820 An anthology encompassing The Prince and the Pauper, A Connecticut Yankee, and Joan of Arc features Twain's imaginative studies of the Middle Ages, in a children's classic, a unique comic-violent fantasy, and a respectful fictional biography."
"9780446612760 A small Kansas town has turned into a killing ground. Is it a serial killer, a man with the need to destroy? Or is it a darker force, a curse upon the land? Amid golden cornfields, FBI Special Agent Pendergast discovers evil in the blood of America's heartland. No one is safe."
"9780375757280 In the first novel, a New England farmer must choose between his duty to care for his invalid wife and his love for her cousin, and in the second novel, Charity Royall enjoys an idyllic summer romance with visiting architect Lucius Harvey."
"9780140271577 'This is the story of two families - branches of the Solomons - transported to an alien land, both of whom eventually grow rich and powerful but who, through three generations, never for one moment relinquish their hatred for each other. It is also the story of our country from the beginning until we came of age as a nation.'"
"9780140143454 The author recounts his experiences on the lucrative Wall Street bond market of the 1980s, where young traders made millions quickly and easily, in a humorous account of greed and epic folly"
"9780765347985 Welcome to the Enderverse. When ""Ender's Game"" was first published as a novella twenty-five years ago few would have predicted that it would become one of the most successful ventures in publishing history. Expanded into a novel in 1985, Ender's Game won both the Hugo Award and the Nebula Award for Best Novel. Never out of print and translated into dozens of languages, it is the rare work of fiction that can truly be said to have transcended a genre. Ender's Game and its sequels have won dozens of prestigious awards and are as popular today among teens and young readers as adults. First Meetings is a collection of three novellas-plus the original ""Ender's Game""-that journey into the origins and the destiny of one Ender Wiggin. ""The Polish Boy"" begins in the wake between the first two Bugger Wars when the Hegemony is desperate to recruit brilliant military commanders to repel the alien invasion. In John Paul Wiggin-the future father of Ender -they believe they may have found their man. Or boy. In ""Teacher's Pest""-a novella written especially for this collection-a brilliant but insufferably arrogant John Paul Wiggin, now an American university student, matches wits with an equally brilliant graduate student named Theresa Brown. It is many years since the end of the Bugger Wars in ""The Investment Counselor."" Ender's reputation as a hero and savior has suffered a horrible reversal. Banished from Earth and slandered as a mass murderer, twenty-year-old Andrew Wiggin wanders incognito from planet to planet as a fugitive. Until a blackmailing tax inspector compromises his identity and threatens to expose Ender the Xenocide. Also reprinted here is the original landmark novella, ""Ender's Game,"" which first appeared in 1977. Fully illustrated, First Meetings is Orson Scott Card writing at the height of his considerable power about his most compelling character. THE ENDER UNIVERSE Ender series Ender’s Game / Speaker for the Dead / Xenocide / Children of the Mind / Ender in Exile / Children of the Fleet Ender’s Shadow series Ender’s Shadow / Shadow of the Hegemon / Shadow Puppets / Shadow of the Giant / Shadows in Flight The First Formic War (with Aaron Johnston) Earth Unaware / Earth Afire / Earth Awakens The Second Formic War (with Aaron Johnston) The Swarm / The Hive Ender novellas A War of Gifts / First Meetings"
"9780739461198 John and Jenny were just beginning their life together. They were young and in love, with a perfect little house and not a care in the world. Then they brought home Marley, a wriggly yellow furball of a puppy. Life would never be the same. Marley quickly grew into a barreling, ninety-seven-pound streamroller of a Labrador retriever. He crashed through screen doors, gouged through drywall, and stole women's undergarments. Obedience school did no good--Marley was expelled. And yet his heart was pure. Just as Marley joyfully refused any limits on his behavior, his love and loyalty were boundless, too. A dog like no other, Marley remained steadfast, a model of devotion, even when his family was at its wit's end. Unconditional love, they would learn, comes in many forms."
"9780061015625 Fans of Lillian Jackson Braun and Rita Mae Brown and cat lovers everywhere will delight in this newest mystery featuring two furry felines on the scent of a killer. Famous novelist Elliot Traynor is temporarily living in Molena Point. He and his wife don't have much to do with the villagers, which is fine with them since no one particularly likes Vivi. But their arrival has coincided with some peculiar happenings in the town, culminating with a botched burglary in the home of 60–something Susan Brittian. Susan is a friend to feline detectives Joe Grey and Dulcie and they aren't going to let this crime go unpunished. With whiskers twitching they investigate the crime and soon find themselves on the scent of a killer."
"9780721601946 More than 1,000 questions cover everything from the fundamentals of gross and microscopic pathology to the latest findings in molecular biology and genetics. This is an ideal preparatory tool for the classroom, the USMLE Step 1, or the American Board of Pathology exam."
"9781582343495 Impossible to read at one sitting, but utterly unputdownable, Schott's Original Miscellany is a unique collection of fabulous trivia. What other book boasts an index that includes shoelace lengths, sign language, and the seven deadly sins; dueling and dwarves; the hair color of Miss America and the Hampton Court maze? Where else can you find, packed onto one page, the names of golf strokes, a history of the Hat Tax, cricketing dismissals, nouns of assemblage, an unofficial motto of the US Postal Service, and the flag of Guadeloupe? Where else but Schott's Original Miscellany will you stumble across John Lennon's cat, the supplier of bagpipes to the Queen, the labors of Hercules, and the brutal methods of murder encountered by Miss Marple? A book like no other, Schott's Original Miscellany is entertaining, informative, unpredictable, and utterly addictive."
"9780064462044 Make the same pioneer crafts that Laura did! In her beloved Little House books, Laura Ingalls Wilder tells of her pioneer childhood growing up on the frontier. Because the Ingallses often lived far away from any stores, and because they had little money, Laura and her family had to make most of their own household items, using whatever materials were available. Now, with MY LITTLE HOUSE CRAFTS BOOK, you can share a part of Laura's pioneer days by learning how to make the same things that she and her family made for their little homes on the frontier. Inside this book are easy, step-by-step instructions for 18 crafts taken straight from the pages of Laura's Little House books. All you need to get started are a few simple supplies, and you're on your way to making fun and useful pioneer crafts that you'll cherish forever."
"9780393308198 In a series of essays giving careful consideration to the theory of evolution, Gould examines some of the more intriguing mysteries of the topic, studying the Piltdown Man hoax, the deceleration of earth's rotation, and other phenomena"
"9780060090371 What happens when a psychic tells Lucy that she'll be getting married within the year? Her roommates panic! What is going to happen to their blissful existence of eating take-out, drinking too much wine, bringing men home, and never vacuuming? Lucy reassures her friends that she's far too busy arguing with her mother and taking care of her irresponsible father to get married. And then there's the small matter of not even having a boyfriend. But then Lucy meets gorgeous, unreliable Gus. Could he be the future Mr. Lucy Sullivan? Or could it be handsome Chuck? Or Daniel, the world's biggest flirt? Or even cute Jed, the new guy at work? Maybe her friends have something to worry about after all...."
"9780520234413 This is the first book to explore the English-language literary scene in Paris after World War II, including the intersecting lives of Richard Wright, Samuel Beckett, James Baldwin, and Maurice Girodias."
"9780425207970 Anita Blake is worried that her careers as a Federal Marshal who raises the dead and as a vampire executioner may be jeopardized when she realizes that she may be pregnant--and the father could be a vampire, a werewolf, or someone else entirely. 300,000 first printing."
"9780345476098 A definitive Pulitzer Prize-winning recreation of the powderkeg that was Europe during the crucial first thirty days of World War I traces the actions of statesmen and patriots alike in Berlin, London, St. Petersburg, and Paris. Reprint."
"9780571084838 After a plane crash strands them on a tropical island while the rest of the world is ravaged by war, a group of British schoolboys attempts to form a civilized society but descends into brutal anarchy."
"9781580086813 ""A photographic collection exploring what the world eats featuring portraits of thirty families from twenty-four countries surrounded by a week's worth of food""--Provided by publisher."
"9780345457745 Chris Faulkner, a wealthy commondities trader, uses his talent for instigating and taking advantage of revolutions and wars of liberation around the world in order to sell arms, intelligence, and power, but his growing riches come at a terrible cost. By the author of Altered Carbon. Original. 24,000 first printing."
9780192833600 Provides a modern verse translation of the story of a group of pilgrims who pass the time during their journey by telling each other tales
"9781587420245 J. R. R. Tolkien said that his writing was inspired by William Morris. This book includes two of William Morris' most popular tales in one inexpensive, wide-format, two-column edition."
"9780099498599 It began with Benny Hogan and Eve Malone, growing up, inseparable, in the village of Knockglen. Benny--the only child, yearning to break free from her adoring parents...Eve--the orphaned offspring of a convent handyman and a rebellious blueblood, abandoned by her mother's wealthy family to be raised by nuns. Eve and Benny--they knew the sins and secrets behind every villager's lace curtains...except their own. It widened at Dublin, at the university where Benny and Eve met beautiful Nan Mahlon and Jack Foley, a doctor's handsome son. But heartbreak and betrayal would bring the worlds of Knockglen and Dublin into explosive collision. Long-hidden lies would emerge to test the meaning of love and the strength of ties held within the fragile gold bands of a... Circle Of Friends. From the Paperback edition."
"9780060594527 Following a plane crash in the Himalayan mountains, a lost group of Englishmen and Americans stumble upon the dream-like, utopian world of Shangri-La, where life is eternal and civilization refined, in a new trade paperback edition of the classic 1933 novel. Reprint."
"9780786942701 When one of the most famed Inquisitives is hired to investigate a murder, his brilliance might be his damnation when he uncovers a trail leading from a seedy neighborhood to the City of Towers."
"9781556434242 Kurt Vonnegut cites Theodore Sturgeon as the inspiration for his character Kilgore Trout. This volume includes 12 stories from 1953, considered Sturgeon's golden era. Among them are such favorites as the title story, ""The Silken-Swift,"" ""A Way of Thinking,"" ""The Dark Room,"" ""The Clinic,"" and ""The World Well Lost,"" a story known for being very ahead of its time in advocating gay rights."
"9781563890352 A collection of short works offers stories that range in setting from a ghost-ridden cellar to a hotel convention of serial kilers, and includs works by Gene Wolfe, Clive Barker, Tad Williams, and Barbara Hambly."
9780140149241 Reissue of the famous novel based on the author's experiences as one of the TRats of Tobruk' in the Middle East during WWII. First published in 1944. Part of the TAustralian War Classics' series introduced by Sir Edward TWeary' Dunlop.
"9780811204835 The Flight of Icarus is Raymond Queneau's only novel written in the form of a play: seventy-four short scenes, complete with stage directions. Consciously parodying Pirandello and Robbe-Grillet, it begins with a novelist's discovery that his principal character, Icarus by name, has vanished. This in turn, sets off a rash of other such disappearances."
9780802133304 Nova Express takes William S. Burroughs's nightmarish future one step beyond The Soft Machine. The diabolical Nova criminals have gained control and plan on wreaking untold destruction. It's up to Inspector Lee of the Nova Police to attack and dismantle the word-and-imagery machine of these control addicts” before it's too late.
"9781400032952 In this original, sweeping, and intimate biography, Gleick moves between a comprehensive historical portrait and a dramatic focus on Newton's significant letters and unpublished notebooks to illuminate the real importance of his work."
"9780812976557 A traumatized Jesse Vogel's search for the key to his shattered identity takes him through endless mazes in his youth and manhood, from rural Lockport, New York, to his successful career as a Chicago neurosurgeon, to his battle to save his own daughter from the ravages of the drug-laden counter-culture. Reprint. 15,000 first printing."
"9780451210555 Shot twice by an unseen assailant, Dr. Marc Seidman lies in a hospital bed. His wife has been killed. His baby daughter has vanished. Then the ransom note arrives."
"9780751503890 Eleventh-century England and Persia are the backgrounds of this story of an orphan named Rob Cole, who is apprenticed to a travelling barber-surgeon and, discovering in himself a gift for healing, decides to study medicine with the legendary Avicenna."
"9780743471220 Since the beginning of time, the angelic forces of the High Heavens and the demonic hordes of the Burning Hells have been locked in an eternal conflict for the fate of all Creation. That struggle has now spilled over into Sanctuary -- the world of men. Determined to win mankind over to their respective causes, the forces of good and evil wage a secret war for mortal souls. This is the tale of the Sin War -- the conflict that would forever change the destiny of man. Three thousand years before the darkening of Tristram, Uldyssian, son of Diomedes, was a simple farmer from the village of Seram. Content with his quiet, idyllic life, Uldyssian is shocked as dark events rapidly unfold around him. Mistakenly blamed for the grisly murders of two traveling missionaries, Uldyssian is forced to flee his homeland and set out on a perilous quest to redeem his good name. To his horror, he has begun to manifest strange new powers -- powers no mortal man has ever dreamed of. Now, Uldyssian must grapple with the energies building within him -- lest they consume the last vestiges of his humanity."
"9780440416777 In this story about the perils of popularity, the courage of nonconformity, and the thrill of first love, an eccentric student named Stargirl changes Mica High School forever."
"9780744005615 BradyGames' Juiced Official Strategy Guide includes the following: Track Maps: Each map is broken down to give you the best chance of winning. Full Car List: Get all the stats on all the hottest rides! Crew Management Tips: Get the best crew and learn what it takes to win! Rival Crew Challenges: Discover the ins and outs of every challenge and get the best strategy to crush rival crews! And More: Racing schedules, part listings, pro tips, crewmate data, and showoff tricks! Platform: PlayStation 2, Xbox, & PC Genre: Sports/Racing This title is available for sale worldwide."
"9780802150455 Stoppard's latest plays deal with the contrasting circumstances of a political prisoner and a mental patient in a Soviet insane asylum, and with assorted moral problems"
"9780061144899 From the Bestselling Author of The Secret Life of Bees, an Inspiring Autobiographical Account of Personal Pain, Spiritual Awakening, and Divine Grace Blending her own experiences with an intimate grasp of spirituality, Sue Monk Kidd relates the passionate and moving tale of her spiritual crisis, when life seemed to have lost meaning and her longing for a hasty escape from the pain yielded to a discipline of ""active waiting."" This PLUS edition includes a reader's guide."
"9780143036975 An authoritative guide to business negotiation explores the complex psychological factors in each bargaining situation and examines six key leverage points that promote bargaining success. Reprint. 15,000 first printing."
"9780385732550 At the age of twelve, Jonas, a young boy from a seemingly utopian, futuristic world, is singled out to receive special training from The Giver, who alone holds the memories of the true joys and pain of life. An ALA Notable Book for Children & Newbery Medal Winner. Reissue."
"9780061129735 The fiftieth Anniversary Edition of the groundbreaking international bestseller that has shown millions of readers how to achieve rich, productive lives by developing their hidden capacities for love Most people are unable to love on the only level that truly matters: love that is compounded of maturity, self-knowledge, and courage. As with every art, love demands practice and concentration, as well as genuine insight and understanding. In his classic work, The Art of Loving, renowned psychoanalyst and social philosopher Erich Fromm explores love in all its aspects—not only romantic love, steeped in false conceptions and lofty expectations, but also brotherly love, erotic love, self-love, the love of God, and the love of parents for their children."
"9780517599242 The off-beat and occasionally extraterrestrial journeys, notions, and acquaintances of galactic traveler Arthur Dent are illustrated with digitally generated graphic images and tricky visual puns"
"9780743261982 A richly textured novel tells a story of sex and longing, love and loss, and of the deceit that can lie at the heart of family relationships. “Each chapter…has the seductive aura of a finely crafted story. Liars and Saints is instructive and bittersweet and yet somehow never nostalgic” (Los Angeles Times). Set in California, Liars and Saints follows four generations of the Catholic Santerre family from World War II to the present. In a family driven as much by jealousy and propriety as by love, an unspoken tradition of deceit is passed from generation to generation. When tragedy shatters their precarious domestic lives, it takes astonishing courage and compassion to bring them back together. By turns funny and disturbing, irreverent and profound, Liars and Saints is a masterful display of Maile Meloy’s prodigious gifts and of her penetrating insight into an extraordinary American family and into the nature of human love. “Meloy may be the first great American realist of the twenty-first century: The Santerres aren’t real but they feel like they are, and the reader will not soon forget them” (The Boston Globe)."
"9781591821571 In an effort to obtain the services of the noble demon, Eclipse, Demon Lord Krayon challenges Eclipse and his master, Raenef, an unlikely Demon Lord in training, to prove they are worthy of each other."
"9780275942694 In October 1973, the State of Israel was invaded by Egyptian and Syrian forces. Despite early losses, Israel managed to outfight its opponents. The brief and bloody Yom Kippur War stands as a unique chapter in modern military history. Fought primarily by tank units, the war became a story not only of battle strategy and tactics, but also one of human discipline, endurance and sacrifice. Avigdor Kahalani was commander of a tank battalion on the Golan Heights during the Yom Kippur War, in The Heights of Courage he describes this experience. Beginning with a description of the initial Syrian offensive, the author recounts the personal endeavours of the men in his battalion, their fears and ambitions, as well as their emotional and physical hardships. His account traces the efforts of the Israel Armoured Corps as they struggled to overcome extreme difficulties and setbacks in the field, and he describes their ultimate penetration into enemy territory."
"9780553588262 In the unique world of Pico, Odd--an unforgettable hero who lives between the living and the dead--takes a stand against evil in a battle where there are no innocent bystanders. Reprint."
"9780451194862 While Roland the Gunslinger and his companions leap between worlds, he relates his experiences with the elusive, powerful emotion of love in a journey into his own past"
"9781568821405 A sourcebook detailing the campus, courses, students and personnel of one of the world's most prestigious institutions of deeper learning. Filled with data on various University departments and professors, this book weaves the details drawn from Lovecraft's Mythos tales with the Call of Cthulhu game background to create an indispensible sourcebook."
"9780316000956 Darren begins the Trials of Initiation to prove himself worthy of being a half-vampire, even as the clan's blood foes, the vampaneze, gather near Vampire Mountain."
"9780440237976 Turquoise Draka, a mercenary trained to fight vampires, witches, and shape-shifters, infiltrates a vampire stronghold. But ghosts from her past and new possibilities for her future distract her from the work at hand. An ALA Quick Pick."
"9781583224717 Probes the strained relationships between a woman and her abrasive mother, her cancer-stricken father, an ex-husband who is permanently tuned into Star Trek, and Jason, her erotic but higly manipulative lover. Reprint."
"9780553582918 The sole survivor of a homicidal sociopath's latest killing spree, Chyna Shepherd unwittingly discovers the identity of the murderer's intended next victim and confronts her own troubled past and overwhelming fear to protect herself and the life of a complete stranger from the ultimate evil. Reissue."
"9780764587276 In the CliffsComplete guides, the novel's complete text and a glossary appear side-by-side with coordinating numbered lines to help you understand unusual words and phrasing. You'll also find all the commentary and resources of a standard CliffsNotes for Literature. CliffsComplete Adventures of Huckleberry Finn offers insight and information into a work that's rich both dramatically and thematically. Every generation since its publication has been able to identify with some of the novel's themes, including freedom, society versus conscience, and greed. Follow the Mississippi River adventures of this mischief-making Huck Finn and the runaway slave Jim — and save valuable studying time — all at once. Enhance your reading of The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn with these additional features: A summary and insightful commentary for each chapter Bibliography and historical background on the author, Mark Twain A look at 18th-century life and society Coverage of Twain's writing and the reaction to the novel A character map that graphically illustrates the relationships among the characters Review questions, a quiz, discussion guide, and activity ideas A Resource Center full of books, articles, films, and Web sites Streamline your literature study with all-in-one help from CliffsComplete guides!"
"9780970312532 With New York City overrun by cosms-sipping, crouch-sprawling hipsters, it's high time to explore the places where real people settle in for some real drinking. If you think New York's classic dives were slipping away, have no fear - Wendy Mitchell's seven years of bar crawling have unearthed 90 places where you'd be scared to take your parents."
"9781857232097 The fifth book in Robert Jordan's internationally bestselling epic fantasy series, THE WHEEL OF TIME, now reissued with a stunning new cover design. The bonds and wards that hold the Great Lord of the Dark are slowly failing, but still his fragile prison holds. The Forsaken, immortal servants of the shadow, weave their snares and tighten their grip upon the realms of men, sure in the knowledge that their master will soon break free ... Rand al' Thor, the Dragon Reborn, knows that he must strike at the Enemy, but his forces are divided by treachery and by ambition. Even the Aes Sedai, ancient guardians of the Light, are riven by civil war. Betrayed by his allies, pursued by his enemies and beset by the madness that comes to the male wielders of the One Power, Rand rides out to meet the foe. Find out more about this title and others at www.orbitbooks.co.uk"
"9780312062354 Tradition and the female talent: The awakening as a solitary book / Elaine Showalter -- Personal property: exchange value and the female self in The awakening / Margit Stange -- Thanatos and eros: Kate Chopin's The awakening / Cynthia Griffin Wolff -- ""A language which nobody understood"": emancipatory strategies in The awakening / Patricia S. Yaeger -- The construction of ambiguity in The awakening: a linguistic analysis / Paula A. Treichler."
"9780571164660 Winner of the 1990 Independent Award for foreign fiction, this book tells the story of a young Italian scholar who is captured by pirates. Put up for auction at the Istanbul slave market, he is bought by a Turkish servant, eager to learn about scientific and intellectual advances in the West."
"9780618446872 The author recounts his odyssey down the length of Africa, from Cairo to South Africa, describing the bad food, many delays, discomforts, and dangers of his trip, along with the people and places of the real Africa."
"9780340425671 The legend continues Get ready to enjoy more thrills and spills with the world's greatest secret agent in the latest addition to this classic action series This is the story that introduced us to James Bond. He's charming, sophisticated and handsome but also chillingly ruthless and very deadly. In his first mission, James must neutralize a Russian operative by ruining him at the Baccarat table and forcing his 'retirement'. Lady luck appears to be taken with Bond as his target hits a losing streak, but Bond's attraction to a beautiful female agent leads him to disaster... This new edition also features an new introduction by and background material created exclusively for this series on the literary history of Bond."
"9780500050965 A survey of the world's great ancient wonders from the Great Temple of the Aztecs, to the Nazca lines of Peru, including answers to how the architecture was created and for what purpose."
"9780593040591 This is Stephen Hawking's updated, expanded and illustrated edition of his celebrated work which includes the most recent developments in the field, many of which were forecast by him. At the same time, he explains his complex theories through a fresh visual dimension. Over one hunded and fifty stunning colour illustrations have been specially commissioned for this purpose to help the reader understand what have become popular mythic images of our century, but which nonetheless remain difficult, abstract ideas to grasp. It includes a new introduction written specially for this edition."
"9781400032921 A new translation of the nineteenth-century Russian master's short classics includes The Steppe, The Duel, The Story of an Unknown Man, Three Years, and My Life. Reprint. 12,500 first printing."
"9780345418685 Flinx and his companion Pip venture into a top-secret security installation on Earth to find information about the Meliorare Society, a sect of renegade eugenicists notorious for their experiments on humans, including Flinx himself."
"9780143039938 A whimsical compendium of mythological creature profiles considers the inventions of such literary masters as Shakespeare, Lewis Carroll, and Kafka, in a humorously commentated volume that explores the qualities of a range of dragons, unicorns, and othercurious beasts."
"9780446670784 A thorough but accessible guide to Indian cuisine explains spices and seasonings and offers more than sixty-five simple, easy-to-prepare recipes for vegetarian and non-vegetarian curries, roasts, kebabs, and more. Reprint."
"9780486426754 One of the most powerful dramas of Christian faith ever written, this captivating allegory of man's religious journey in search of salvation follows the pilgrim as he travels an obstacle-filled road to the Celestial City. Along the way, he is confronted by monsters and spiritual terrors, among them Worldly Wiseman, Giant Despair, and the demons of the Valley of the Shadow of Death. An enormously influential 17th-century classic, universally known for its simplicity, vigor, and beauty of language."
"9781416909057 The hand-lettered contents of a nine-year-old girl's notebook, in which she records her thoughts and feelings about moving, starting school, and dealing with her older sister, also includes reflections on keeping her old best friend and making a new one."
"9780312422158 Calliope's friendship with a classmate and her sense of identity are compromised by the adolescent discovery that she is a hermaphrodite, a situation with roots in her grandparents' desperate struggle for survival in the 1920s. By the author of The Virgin Suicides.Reader's Guide available. Reprint. 100,000 first printing."
"9780553273915 Traces the lives of the Truebas family, starting with clairvoyant Clara de Valle's summoning of the man she intends to marry, ambitious Esteban Trueba, and following their lives through which they suffer and triumph."
9780143034902 The international literary sensation--a runaway bestseller in Spain--is about a boy's quest through the secrets and shadows of postwar Barcelona for a mysterious author whose book has proved as dangerous to own as it is impossible to forget.
"9780743258074 Presents a portrait of Benjamin Franklin as a scientist, inventor, diplomat, writer, business strategist, and statesman while tracing his life as one of America's Founding Fathers."
"9780140159950 Wittgenstein possessed one of the most acute philosophical minds of the 20th century. In this incisive portrait, Monk offers a unique insight into the life and work of a modern genius who radically redirected philosophical thought in our time."
"9780060737047 In echo falls you never know what's coming next -- and everyone has a secret. Things are amiss at 99 Maple Lane: Ingrid's dad's job is in jeopardy, but he won't explain why. Ingrid's brother, Ty, is getting buff -- really buff -- but when Ty starts getting moody, Ingrid wonders if there's more to his physical fitness than lifting weights. Meanwhile, Ingrid's beloved soccer coach is replaced by an icy newcomer named Julia LeCaine, who seems a little too savvy to be in it for the postgame pizza. True to her hero, Sherlock Holmes, Ingrid begins fishing around to find out who's really pulling the strings in Echo Falls. But one morning, while en route to the dreaded MathFest, Ingrid is kidnapped and locked in the trunk of a car. Even if she escapes, will anyone believe her story? In this sequel to Down the Rabbit Hole a clever young girl learns that mysterious forces are at work in her town -- and exposing them could put her life in jeopardy."
"9780374517885 The Noble laureate has selected nearly 150 of his acclaimed stories, from his eight previous collections, offering abundant evidence of his mastery of the genre"
"9780425164174 When fellow student Roddy L'Officier sabotages Maj Green's latest virtual simulation program, he is exiled by the rest of the Net Force Explorers, but the brilliant outcast has some other dangerous plans for them all. Original."
"9780156029063 Born a simple peasant in northern Italy, Baudolino narrates the story of his life, from his adoption by Emperor Frederick Barbarossa and his education in Paris to his arrival in Constantinople during the turmoil of the Fourth Crusade."
"9780140288483 A firstgeneration immigrant from China marries an exiled musician whose unfulfilled desires nearly destroy their children, in the title story in a collection of tales about the trials and tribulations of Asian Americans. Reprint."
"9780743297264 How fat do you have to be to become bulletproof? Why do people have eyebrows? Why do pineapples have spines? How much does a head weigh? What affects the color of earwax? How quickly could I turn into a fossil? Have you ever thought up a question so completely off-the-wall, so seemingly ridiculous, that you couldn't even find the courage to ask it? Maybe at the sports bar you were transported by the beauty of your beer to wonder, ""How long could I live on beer alone?"" Or, cycling through the park, you mused, ""Did nature invent any wheels?"" Or looking up at the night sky, you had a moment of angst, ""What would happen if the moon suddenly disappeared -- if it were vaporized or stolen by aliens?"" Full of fun factlets, Does Anything Eat Wasps? is a runaway bestseller around the world. It celebrates the weird and wacky questions -- some trivial, some baffling, all unique -- and their multiple answers culled from ""The Last Word,"" a long-running column in the internationally popular science magazine, New Scientist. Tackling the imponderables of everyday life, sparkling with humor, and bursting with delightful erudition, Does Anything Eat Wasps? is irresistibly entertaining and utterly engrossing. So, go on. Put away your lab coat and your pencil -- science is fun again."
"9780395877432 Draws on recent discoveries about human evolution to examine whether violence among men is a product of their primitive heritage, and searches for solutions to the problems of war, rape, and murder"
"9780060580339 Each summer, on the fields of glorious Cape Marlin, off the New England coast, the nation's best college players gather to play the most important baseball of their lives. Jack Faber is a young hotshot pitcher with an unhittable slider and a rocket for a fastball. He plays for the fabled Seapuit Seawolves and dreams of making the Big Show. But a new coach, the scowling Bruno Riazzi, a former pro catcher, resents the kid's celebrity status and decides to knock him down a peg or two. And he stops at nothing to make it happen. Humiliated, Jack loses his lifelong art, and with it his passion for the game, as well as, mysteriously, his ability to throw. A devastated Jack Faber is released from the St. Charles College roster. But the Seawolves coaches won't give up on him. They bring Jack back to Cape Marlin, determined to help him rediscover his lost talent. He finds himself again under the summer sun, coaches and old friends standing by him. But in the end it will be up to Jack. Based on a true story, Slider celebrates the national pastime, a game that can break grown men's hearts -- as well as make them whole again."
"9780966410075 This book acts as a battering ram against the distortions, myths and outright lies that have been shoved down our throats by the government, the media, corporations, organized religion, the scientific establishment and others who want to keep the truth from us. A group of researchers - investigative reporters, political dissidents, academics, media watchdogs, scientist-philosophers, social critics and rogue scholars - paints a picture of a world where crucial stories are ignored or actively suppressed and the official version of events has more holes in it than Swiss cheese. A world where real dangers are downplayed and nonexistent dangers are trumpeted. In short, a world where you are being lied to. You'll discover that a human being has already been cloned; Joseph McCarthy was not paranoid; museums refuse to display artifacts that conflict with the theory of evolution; the CIA has admitted to involvement in the drug trade; parents don't affect who their children become; plus further revelations involving Columbine, WWII, textbooks, Al Gore, George W. Bush, Timothy Leary and much more."
9780679761051 A destructive love affair between a married writer and a teenage girl that continues to haunt both of them more than twenty years after their last embrace.
"9781569473641 When a woman wearing an identical jacket to Aimée Leduc's leaves her cell phone on a restaurant table, Aimee follows her to return it, only to be attacked and left blind, discovering that the other woman had been murdered. Reprint"
"9780553286397 Wolf Haas' Detective Brenner series has become wildly popular around the world for a reason: They're timely, edgy stories told in a wry, quirky voice that's often hilarious, and with a protagonist it's hard not to love. In this episode, Brenner-forced out of the police force-tries to get away from detective work by taking a job as the personal chauffeur for two-year-old Helena, the daughter of a Munich construction giant and a Viennese abortion doctor. One day, while Brenner's attention is turned to picking out a chocolate bar for Helena at a gas station, Helena gets snatched from the car. Abruptly out of a job, Brenner decides to investigate her disappearance on his own. With both parents in the public eye, there's no scarcity of leads-the father's latest development project has spurred public protest, and the mother's clinic has been targeted by the zealous leader of an anti-abortion group. Brenner and God is told with a dark humor that leaves no character, including Brenner, unscathed. Haas tells the story of a fallible hero who can be indecisive and world-weary, baffled and disillusioned by what he finds, but who presses forward nonetheless out of a stubborn sense of decency-a two-year-old is kidnapped, so you find her, because that's just what you do."
"9780140276909 Jemima Jones is overweight. About seven stone overweight. Treated like a slave by her thin and bitchy flatmates, lorded over at the Kilburn Herald by the beautiful Geraldine (less talented, better paid), her only consolation is food. That and a passion for her charming, sexy colleague Ben. Her life needs to change and soon. But can Jemima reinvent herself? Should she? A novel about attraction, obsession and the meaning of true love."
"9780143104827 Considered one of the outstanding Spanish dramas of all time, this 17th-century allegory explores the mysteries of human destiny, the illusory nature of existence, and the struggle between predestination and free will."
"9780340820469 An autobiographical portrait of Stephen King's home life, his family and his traumatic recent accident. He offers an insight into his world as well as analysis, advice and instruction on writing. Find out what books and films influenced the young writer, his first idea for a story, the true life tale that inspired Carrie. Citing examples of his work and those of his contemporaries such as John Grisham and Raymond Chandler, King gives tips for writers on how to avoid pitfalls and how to use the tools of the trade from building characters to pace and plotting, the importance of dialogue and description - as well as practical advice on presentation and representation. Discover the symbolism, themes and the three deep interests that power all his work."
9780131494848 This text provides the most comprehensive survey of the major theories and research on leadership and managerial effectiveness in formal organizations with practical suggestions for improving leadership skills.
"9780765309044 Lanik Mueller's birthright as heir to planet Treason's most powerful rulership will never be realized. He is a ""rad"" -- radical regenerative. A freak among people who can regenerate injured flesh... and trade extra body parts to the Offworld oppressors for iron. For, on a planet without hard metals -- or the means of escape -- iron is power in the race to build a spacecraft. Iron is the promise of freedom -- which may never be fulfilled as Lanik uncovers a treacherous conspiracy beyond his imagination. Now charged with a mission of conquest -- and exile -- Lanik devises a bold and dangerous plan... a quest that may finally break the vicious chain of rivalry and bloodshed that enslaves the people of Treason as the Offworld never could."
"9781578569540 When a jewelry designer hires private investigator Jake Rikker to find her stalker, Jake becomes entangled in a mystery that threatens to destroy them both."
"9781400079278 An unlikely alliance forms between Kafka Tamura, a fifteen-year-old runaway, and the aging Nakata, a man who has never recovered from a wartime affliction, as they embark on a surreal odyssey through a strange, fantastical world."
"9780520239326 This study examines the way news organizations, as the category implies, ""organize"" the news world, both for practitioners - reporters, editors and managers - and for the consumers - readers, viewers and perhaps even more important, decision-makers."
"9780618056828 With 1919, the second volume of his U.S.A. trilogy, John Dos Passos continues his ""vigorous and sweeping panorama of twentieth-century America"" (Forum), lauded on publication of the first volume not only for its scope, but also for its groundbreaking style. Again, employing a host of experimental devices that would inspire a whole new generation of writers to follow, Dos Passos captures the many textures, flavors, and background noises of modern life with a cinematic touch and unparalleled nerve. 1919 opens to find America and the world at war, and Dos Passos's characters, many of whom we met in the first volume, are thrown into the snarl. We follow the daughter of a Chicago minister, a wide-eyed Texas girl, a young poet, a radical Jew, and we glimpse Woodrow Wilson, Theodore Roosevelt, and the Unknown Soldier."
"9780553280876 Painfully shy and introverted, Lynne Henry, a talented musician, anonymously enters a songwriting contest sponsored by her secret love, Guy Chesney, and his band, and it is up to Elizabeth to help Lynne share her musical gifts."
"9780922915613 What You Don't Know About the Deaths of Jim Morrison, Tupac Shakur, Michael Hutchence, Brian Jones, Jimi Hendrix, Phil Ochs, Bob Marley, Peter Tosh, John Lennon, and The Notorious B.I.G. Many rock musicians have been outspoken and powerful proponents for social change, making them a threat to those eager to maintain the status quo. In this comprehensive look at suspect rock star deaths, conspiracy researcher Constantine unearths the secrets that the music industry and organised crime would prefer kept under wraps."
"9780385503846 A new collection of short fiction presents ten stories that capture important moments in the course of a life and in the lives intertwined with it, in a volume that ranges from the 1930s to the 1980s, is set in a variety of locales, and includes such works as ""The Bad News,"" ""The Art of Cooking and Serving,"" ""My Last Duchess,"" ""The Boys at the Lab,"" and the title tale. 75,000 first printing."
"9780140299960 Felix is a quitter, with a poor track record behind him. Until the day the opportunity presents itself to make half a million dollars tax-free - by nurturing 390 acres of cannabis in the lonely hills of northern California."
"9780698115675 When Lucida is unable to finish her gift for the Baby Jesus in time for the Christmas procession, a miracle enables her to offer the beautiful flower we now call the poinsettia."
9780140298512 A history of the Basque people of Spain speculates on the origins of this enigmatic group of Europeans whose language and culture have long baffled anthropologists. Reprint.
"9781419542206 The Scarlet Letter: A Kaplan SAT Score-Raising Classic features: *The complete tale of the classic novel, The Scarlet Letter *More than 800 vocabulary words frequently tested on the SAT highlighted throughout the text *Definitions for each highlighted word on the facing page *A pronunciation guide *An index for easy reference"
"9780812036046 Presents the original text of Shakespeare's play side by side with a modern version, discusses the author and the theater of his time, and provides quizzes and other study activities."
9780446695602 Bestselling author and award-winning singer Rebecca St. James brings together a group of inspirational true stories about young women who gave their all for Jesus.
9780698112681 A candid portrait of the lives and careers of actresses Olivia de Havilland and Joan Fontaine traces their lifelong competition and jealousy for each other
"9780435909611 Two exiles--one white, one black--in a poor village in Botswana struggle with tradition, climate, and the local chief as they try to modernize the villagers' farming methods."
"9780553284119 For Ellen and Blake Tanner, along with their son Mark, Silverdale, Colorado seems too good to be true, but the family is soon subjected to secret rituals and a hidden evil"
"9781587172489 In 1166 the Saxon knight Ivanhoe returns from the Crusades to a chaotic England ruled by the enemies of the absent King Richard the Lion-Hearted and finds himself disowned and dishonored, forced to fight for his name and the people he loves."
"9780812968972 Turning fifteen in Renaissance Florence, Alessandra Cecchi becomes intoxicated with the works of a young painter whom her father has brought to the city to decorate the family's Florentine palazzo, a situation that is complicated by her unwanted arranged marriage to an older man and a battle between the Medici family and the fundamentalist followers of Savonarola. Reader's Guide included. Reprint. 200,000 first printing."
"9780679731375 Offers an idiosyncratic, revisionist history of life on planet Earth, from a playful account of Noah by a stowaway on the Ark, to the spiritual odyssey of a American astronaut"
"9780156260329 Nin continues her debate on the use of drugs versus the artist's imagination, portrays many famous people in the arts, and recounts her visits to Sweden, the Brussels World's Fair, Paris, and Venice. ""[Nin] looks at life, love, and art with a blend of gentility and acuity that is rare in contemporary writing"" (John Barkham Reviews). Edited and with a Preface by Gunther Stuhlmann; Index."
"9780131492028 Introduces object-oriented programming and important computer science concepts, such as testing and debugging techniques, program style, inheritance, and exception handling. This book includes coverage of the Swing libraries and event-driven programming. It is suitable for introductory Computer Science courses using Java."
"9780812696110 Bullshit is booming, both in the popular media and in the cloisters of academia. Bullshit studies received a tremendous boost from the pioneering work of Harry G. Frankfurt, and yet Frankfurt's seminal theses opened up more questions than they answered."
"9780393064988 Collects forty-four key segments from the late paleontologist and evolutionary biologist's books, papers, and essays, in a collection that includes an assortment of previously unpublished articles and speeches."
"9780425182871 Hoping to use a supposedly straightforward case of murder to clear his mind, Deputy Chief Lucas Davenport finds himself matching wits with an ever-escalating serial killer, art history professor, congenial pervert, and sexual predator James Qatar."
"9780446677493 Presents the histories of six extinct North American birds, how they were killed and who attempted to protect them, and discusses what can be learned from these losses to save today's endangered wildlife."
"9780387987200 ""Elegant and literate"" -THE TIMES OF LONDON ""The kind of book that both skeptics and believers would do well to read""- SKEPTICAL INQUIRER ""An urbane, original, convincing rebuttal of paranormal and supernatural notions"" -NEW SCIENTIST ""A lively, entertaining book... Humphrey has set himself a larger task than simply explaining why people believe in parapsychology: the task of explaining why it is irrational to believe in it.""-NATURE"
"9780374522599 The Control of Nature is John McPhee's bestselling account of places where people are locked in combat with nature. Taking us deep into these contested territories, McPhee details the strageties and tactics through which people attempt to control nature. Most striking is his depiction of the main contestants: nature in complex and awesome guises, and those attempting to wrest control from her - stubborn, sometimes foolhardy, more often ingenious, and always arresting characters."
"9780802134103 Chronicles the short life of Edie Sedgwick and her rise to become one of the Warhol superstars, as viewed by her family and such personalities as Capote, Vidal, and Warhol."
"9781843541677 In this tempestuous novel, Liz and Paul, the occupants of Carpenter s Gothic do battle with the Reverend Ude to preserve the African mission on which they live."
"9780439064866 In Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, the summer after Harry’s first year at Hogwarts has been his worst summer ever… the Dursleys more distant and horrible than ever before. But just as he’s packing his bags to return to school, a creature named Dobby the house-elf announces that if Harry goes back to Hogwarts, disaster will strike. And it turns out, Dobby is right. Harry and Ron miss the Hogwarts Express, so they fly to school in a blue Ford Anglia, crash landing in the notorious Whomping Willow. Soon other worries accumulate: the outrageously stuck-up new professor Gilderoy Lockhart; a ghost named Moaning Myrtle, who haunts the girls' bathroom; the strange behavior of Ron's little sister, Ginny Weasley; rumors about the ""Chamber of Secrets,"" a cavern buried deep below Hogwarts; and a magical diary owned by Tom Riddle, a Hogwarts student of long ago. Harry is also shocked to discover that he can speak Parseltongue, the language of snakes - a rare ability that Lord Voldemort also possessed - and that anti-Muggle prejudice exists in the Wizarding world, even affecting Harry's friend Hermione. But all of these seem like minor concerns when someone starts turning Hogwarts students to stone: an evildoer said to be the fearsome Heir of Salazar Slytherin, on of the founders of the school. Could it be Draco Malfoy, Harry's most poisonous rival? Could it be Hagrid whose mysterious past is finally told? Or could it be the one person everyone at Hogwarts most suspects: Harry Potter himself?"
"9781421513799 Ed and Al come face to face with the ""father"" of the homunculi, who just so happens to be a dead ringer for their own father, Van Hohenheim--a resemblance too uncanny for coincidence. And later, when the allure of immortality proves to be too much for Prince Lin of Xin, he lets Greed take over...literally!"
"9780805080537 Presents six short stories dealing with events that preceded the birth of Taran, a key figure in the author's five works on the Kingdom of Prydain."
"9781569473337 Alaska State Trooper Nathan Active must figure out what connects a death on a remote Arctic lake with a year-old fatal plane crash in the Brooks Range and a fire at the Chukchi Recreation Center that killed eight people, including the town's basketball star. The case turns out to involve a lucrative polar bear poaching operation and the intense bond between a brother and sister from the village of Cape Goodwin. The heart of the matter, he discovers, is a dead woman whose killer remembers her as having a mouth so sweet 'it was like kissing a Hershey bar'."
"9781932420302 ""My Dirty Thirties"" takes female empowerment to new levels with a series of erotic novels about women in their 30s who can't say no to their desires. (Adult Fiction)"
"9780143030904 Who Killed Twenty-Four-Year-Old Priscilla Hart? And Why Would Anyone Want To Murder This Idealistic American Student Who Had Come To India To Volunteer In A Women S Health Programme? Had Her Work Made A Killer Out Of An Enraged Husband? Or Was Her Death The Result Of A Xenophobic Attack? Was She Involved In An Indiscriminate Love Affair That Had Spun Out Of Control? Or Was She Simply The Innocent Victim Of A Riot That Had Exploded In That Fateful Year Of 1987 Between Hindus And Muslims? Shashi Tharoor Experiments Brilliantly With Narrative Form, Chronicling The Mystery Of Priscilla Hart S Death Through The Often Contradictory Accounts Of A Dozen Or More Characters. Intellectually Provocative And Emotionally Charged, Riot Is A Novel About The Ownership Of History, About Love, Hate, Cultural Collision, Religious Fanaticism And The Impossibility Of Knowing The Truth."
"9780140247749 In these masterful stories, steeped in realism, Joyce creates an exacting portrait of his native city, showing how it reflects the general decline of Irish culture and civilization. Joyce compels attention by the power of its unique vision of the world, its controlling sense of the truths of human experience."
"9780440229407 As seventeen-year-old Sarah Vida, daughter of a powerful line of vampire-hunting witches, continues to pursue the ancient bloodsucker Nikolas, she finds herself in a dangerous friendship with two vampire siblings in her high school. Reprint."
"9781416507819 With Captain Janeway dying, Chakotay assumes command of the Voyager, only to be confronted by the disappearance of Paris, Kim, and the Doctor, while the Federation's old nemesis, the cosmic meddler Q, sends two of the missing crewmembers on a voyage into the past, and the conflict ranging in the Monorhan system threatens to engulf the entire universe. Original."
"9781883011079 In Raymond Chandler's hands, the pulp crime story became a haunting mystery of power and corruption, set against a modern cityscape both lyrical and violent. Now Chandler joins the authoritative Library of America series in a comprehensive two-volume set displaying all the facets of his brilliant talent. In his first novel, The Big Sleep (1939), the classic private eye finds his full-fledged form as Philip Marlowe: at once tough, independent, brash, disillusioned, and sensitive--and man of weary honor threading his way (in Chandler's phrase) ""down these mean streets"" among blackmailers, pornographers, and murderers for hire. In Farewell, My Lovely (1940), Chandler's personal favorite among his novels, Marlowe's search for a missing woman leads him from shanties and honky-tonks to the highest reaches of power, encountering an array of richly drawn characters. The High Window (1942), about a rare coin that becomes a catalyst by which a hushed-up crime comes back to haunt a wealthy family, is partly a humorous burlesque of pulp fiction. All three novels show Chandler at a peak of verbal inventiveness and storytelling drive Stories and Early Novels also includes every classic noir story from the 1930s that Chandler did not later incorporate into a novel--thirteen in all, among them such classics as ""Red Wind,"" ""Finger Man,"" The King in Yellow,"" and ""Trouble Is My Business."" Drawn from the pages of Black Mask and Dime Detective, these stories show how Chandler adapted the violent conventions of the pulp magazine--with their brisk exposition and rapid-fire dialogue--to his own emerging vision of twentieth-century America. LIBRARY OF AMERICA is an independent nonprofit cultural organization founded in 1979 to preserve our nation's literary heritage by publishing, and keeping permanently in print, America's best and most significant writing. The Library of America series includes more than 300 volumes to date, authoritative editions that average 1,000 pages in length, feature cloth covers, sewn bindings, and ribbon markers, and are printed on premium acid-free paper that will last for centuries."
"9781414305813 When Nicolae Carpathia, the ruthless newly appointed president of Romania, speaks before the U.N., millions of people disappear and are welcomed into the presence of God, but for those who are left behind, only the darkest days lie ahead."
"9780349102504 A recreation of the Bluebeard story which follows a French Army captain, executed in Brittany in 1440. The list of his crimes include witchcraft, heresy, sacrilege, sorcery, the evocations of demons and the practice of unnatural crime against children, ending with their murder for his delight."
"9781402713187 While going through the possessions of a deceased guest who owed them money, the mistress of the inn and her son find a treasure map that leads to a pirate fortune as well as great danger."
"9780800730307 The selections gathered in this volume are social and business letters written during the period of St. Augustine's monastic retirement, and reflect his multifaceted obligations and concerns as bishop, counselor, preacher, and judge. Of timeless interest, his ideas have had a lasting impact on theology, philosophy, and Western religion."
"9780670034802 Longing for a traditional family life in the country in spite of her successful career and many friends, magazine director Vicky Townsley participates in a contest that has her switching places for one month with Amber Winslow, a busy wife and mother. By the author of The Other Woman. 150,000 first printing."
"9780231124270 Liquid Metal brings together 'seminal' essays that have opened up the study of science fiction to serious critical interrogation. Eight distinct sections cover such topics as the cyborg in science fiction; the science fiction city; time travel and the primal scene; science fiction fandom; and the 1950s invasion narratives. Important writings by Susan Sontag, Vivian Sobchack, Steve Neale, J.P. Telotte, Peter Biskind and Constance Penley are included."
"9780380771080 A graphic, crime noir novel on a New York detective-cum-novelist who answers a wrong number. A double- barreled investigation, one from the perspective of the detective, the other from that of the novelist. Adapted from Paul Auster's City of Glass by the creators of Maus."
"9781843537205 The Beatles are the ultimate band – the most popular, the most respected, the most influential. This new edition of The Rough Guide to the Beatles covers every aspect of the Fab Four, delving deep into the music, lyrics, movies and solo careers. Features include: The Story: from Liverpool clubs to Beatlemania. The Music: incisive reviews of every Beatles and solo album. The Canon: the inside track on the 50 greatest songs. On Screen: the movies, the promos and the TV appearances. The Fifth Beatle: George Martin, Yoko Ono, Magic Alex and other contenders. Beatleology: the best books, the weirdest covers, the most obsessive websites, the obscurest trivia."
"9780312876623 An SF classic from the author of Ender's Game. Kidnapped at an early age, the young singer Ansset has been raised in isolation at the mystical retreat called the Songhouse. His life has been filled with music, and having only songs for companions, he develops a voice that is unlike any heard before. Ansset's voice is both a blessing and a curse, for the young Songbird can reflect all the hopes and fears his auidence feels and, by magnifying their emotions, use his voice to heal--or to destroy. When it is discovered that his is the voice that the Emperor has waited decades for, Ansset is summoned to the Imperial Palace on Old Earth. Many fates rest in Ansset's hands, and his songs will soon be put to the test: either to salve the troubled conscience of a conqueror, or drive him, and the universe, into mad chaos. Songmaster is a haunting story of power and love--the tale of the man who would destroy everything he loves to preserve humanity's peace, and the boy who might just sing the world away."
"9780743236140 Harry Silver is ready to try again at living ""happily ever after."" It won't be easy: not when he has to juggle his wife, his ex-wife, his son, his stepdaughter, his work, and his new wife's fast-growing career. Did Harry commit to marriage to Cyd too soon after his split with Gina? Can you love -- really love -- a child who is not your own? Can you be a good father to a child you only see on the weekends? When Harry meets a woman who makes him question all these things and more, his tangled web becomes even more knotty. A brilliant sequel to the international bestseller Man and Boy, Tony Parsons' Man and Wife is a story about families -- and love -- in the new century, written with his trademark humor, passion, and superb storytelling that have made millions across the globe laugh and cry."
9780805080513 The fourth book of the Prydain cycle tells of the adventures that befell Taran when he went in search of his birthright and the truth about himself.
9781600100291 The beginning of a battle between good and evil that will span many decades and different dimensions is presented in the first volume of an adaptation of horror master Clive Barker's epic journey into the fantastic.
"9780385340397 In 1772, Jamie Fraser is asked by the governor to help protect the colonies for King and Crown, but thanks to his time-traveling, twentieth-century wife, Claire, Jamie is aware of the ultimate result of the American Revolution."
"9781401200688 Renegade mob hitman Michael O'Sullivan--the ""Angel of Death""--and his older son Michael Jr. rob rural banks to strike back at the Capone gang in hopes of forcing them to surrender Connor Looney, the man responsible for killing the rest of the family."
"9780199120093 This new translation of the play Clouds examines the two versions of the play, the history of the text, an analysis of Right and Wrong, the purpose of the chorus, and explanations of certain previously unexamined sexualjokes referred to in the play. Dover also includes notes on metrical analysis, a full commentary, and indexes."
"9780749919443 Diana Cooper believes we can all transform our lives if we really want to. This inspiring book will help you to be who you want to be and do what you want to do. It will help you to bring hidden blockages to the surface, establish new positive belief patterns, and make your dreams come true."
"9780312987015 A spoken-word artist by day for Warriors of Light Records and a vampire hunter at night, Damali Richards and her Guardian team take on a vicious group of rogue vampires who have been killing off the artists of Warriors of Light and their rival, Blood Music, a gang led by the most powerful vampire Damali has ever encountered. Reprint."
"9780099410355 From the depths of catastrophe, a glimmer of hope. After the capture of Coruscant, the mighty heart of the New Republic, a stunned galaxy fears that nothing can stop the Yuuzhan Vong. Still, that crushing defeat produces one small miracle: Jacen Solo is alive. Yet he can scarcely imagine himself in stranger circumstances. The young Jedi Knight is in the care of Vergere, a fascinating creature of mystery and power, her intentions hard to fathom, her cruelties rarely concealed. But this master of inscrutable arts has much to teach the young Jedi...for she holds the key to a new way to experience the Force, to take it to another level - dangerous, dazzling, perhaps deadly. In the wrong hands, the tremendous energies of the Froce can be devastating. And there are others watching Jacen's progress closely, waiting patiently for the moment when he will be ready for their own dire purposes. Now, all is in shadows. Yet whatever happens, whether Jacen's newfound mastery unleashes light or darkness, he will never be the same Jedi again..."
"9780786808380 Introduce your babies to birds, cats, dogs, and babies through fine art, illustration, and photographs. These books are a rare opportunity to expose little ones to a range of images on a single subject, from simple child's drawings and abstract art to playful photos. A brief text accompanies each image, introducing the baby to some basic -- and sometimes playful -- information about the subjects."
"9780374527051 Presents a modern translation of the ancient Greek trilogy which traces the chain of murder and revenge within the royal family of Argos, commissioned by the Royal National Theatre for performance in the Fall of 1999."
"9781590171035 Ten-year-old Maria, an orphaned heiress living with her unpleasant guardians on a crumbling English estate called Malplaquet, finds her life changing in unimagined ways when she explores an overgrown island on the estate's lake and discovers the descendants of Gulliver's Lilliputians."
"9781405203944 A fantastic children’s crime story from the world’s best-loved children’s author, Enid Blyton. Lady Candling's best Siamese cat has gone missing. It's another mystery for the Find-Outers! The gardener, Luke, always seems so friendly. He couldn't possibly be the thief... Or could he? All will be revealed in The Mystery of the Disappearing Cat. The Mystery series follows the adventures of ‘The Five Find Outers’ - Pip, Bets, Larry, Daisy and Fatty, as they solve the most unusual crime cases with the help of their dog Buster. Enid Blyton is arguably the most famous children’s author of all time. Thanks to series such as The Wishing-Chair, The Faraway Tree­, The Mysteries, The Famous Five and The Secret Seven, she has sold over 400 million books in more than 40 languages worldwide. Her Mysteries stories have charmed generations of children – and they are as popular today as they have ever been."
9780486437965 Presents the classic nineteenth-century Russian novel in which a young woman is destroyed when she attempts to live outside the moral law of her society.
"9780571209057 In the final days of the Second World War, Hugh Selwyn Mauberley scrawls his desperate account on the walls and ceilings of his ice-cold prison high in the Austrian Alps. Officers of the liberating army discover his frozen, disfigured corpse and his astonishing testament - the sordid truth that he alone possessed. Fascinated but horrified, they learn of a dazzling array of characters caught up in a scandal and political corruption.Famous Last Words is part-thriller, part-horror story; it is also a meditation on history and the human soul and it is Findley's fine achievement that he has combined these elements into a web that constantly surprises and astounds the reader."
"9780553277876 An account of the Jewish brigade from Palestine that fought with the British army in Greece in World War II. The spy-chase story drew on the actual experiences of Uris's uncle, who had fought as a volunteer in the campaign."
"9780806114569 Ovid is a poet to enjoy, declares William S. Anderson in his introduction to this textbook. And Anderson’s skillful introduction and enlightening textual commentary will indeed make it a joy to use. In these books Ovid begins to leave the conflict between men and the gods to concentrate on the relations among human beings. Subjects of the stories include Arachne and Niobe; Tereus, Procne, and Philomela; Medea and Jason; Orpheus and Eurydice; and many others, familiar and unfamiliar. For students of Latin-and teachers, too-they provide an interesting experience. In his introduction the editor discusses Ovid’s career, the reputation of the Metamorphoses during Ovid’s time and after, and the various manuscripts that exist or have been known to exist. He describes the general plan of the poem, its main theme, and the problem of its tone. Technical matters, such as style and meter, are also considered. In notes the editor summarizes the story being told before proceeding to the line-by-line textual comments."
"9780321276230 The Essentials edition of the number one book in American government continues to provide the most current and engaging introduction available for the course and contains an entire unit devoted to Texas government and politics. Like the comprehensive edition, this nuts-and-bolts version was written with the belief that knowledge of the development of American government is integral to fully understand our current political system. ""Essentials of American Government: Continuity and Change"" is a student-friendly text offering a strong historical perspective that highlights the evolution of government and engages students with examples relevant to their lives."
"9780141182582 ""With a biting wit and perceptive insight, Dorothy Parker examines the social mores of her day and exposes the darkness beneath the dazzle."" -- Provided by publisher."
"9780811209458 Duke d'Auge, a thirteenth century nobleman, and Cidrolin, a modern Frenchman living on a barge in the Seine, appear to exist only in each other's dreams"
"9780552998000 Everyday Magic, He Called It. The Transformation Of Base Matter Into The Stuff Of Dreams. Layman S Alchemy.Jay Mackintosh Is Trapped By Memory In The Old Familiar Landscapes Of His Childhood, More Enticing Than The Present, And To Which He Longs To Return.A Bottle Of Home-Brewed Wine Left To Him By A Long-Vanished Friend Seems To Provide Both The Key To An Old Mystery And A Doorway Into Another World. As The Unusual Properties Of The Strange Brew Take Effect, Jay Escapes To A Derelict Farmhouse In The French Village Of Lansquenet, Where A Ghost From The Past Waits To Confront Him, And The Reclusive Marise Haunted, Lovely And Dangerous Hides A Terrible Secret Behind Her Closed Shutters. Between Them, A Mysterious Chemistry. Or Could It Be Magic?"
"9780143039143 Magnus Eisengrim, the illustrious magician star of a movie being filmed in Switzerland, spends his free time relating the sad story of his life to his director and producer, a cameraman, a mysterious hostess, and a Canadian schoolmaster, in the third volume of the Deptford Trilogy. Reprint."
"9780307264893 In 1327, finding his sensitive mission at an Italian abbey further complicated by seven bizarre deaths, Brother William of Baskerville turns detective, penetrating the cunning labyrinth of the abbey and deciphering coded manuscripts for clues."
"9780195108965 How do creative people think? Do great works of the imagination originate in words or in images? Is there a rational explanation for the sudden appearance of geniuses like Mozart or Einstein? Such questions have fascinated people for centuries; only in recent years, however, has cognitive psychology been able to provide some clues to the mysterious process of creativity. In this revised edition of Notebooks of the Mind, Vera John-Steiner combines imaginative insight with scientific precision to produce a startling account of the human mind working at its highest potential. To approach her subject John-Steiner goes directly to the source, assembling the thoughts of ""experienced thinkers""--artists, philosophers, writers, and scientists able to reflect on their own imaginative patterns. More than fifty interviews (with figures ranging from Jessica Mitford to Aaron Copland), along with excerpts from the diaries, letters, and autobiographies of such gifted giants as Leo Tolstoy, Marie Curie, and Diego Rivera, among others, provide illuminating insights into creative activity. We read, for example, of Darwin's preoccupation with the image of nature as a branched tree while working on his concept of evolution. Mozart testifies to the vital influence on his mature art of the wondrous ""bag of memories"" he retained from childhood. Anais Nin describes her sense of words as oppressive, explaining how imagistic free association freed her as a writer. Adding these personal accounts to laboratory studies of thought process, John-Steiner takes a refreshingly holistic approach to the question of creativity. What emerges is an intriguing demonstration of how specific sociocultural circumstances interact with certain personality traits to encourage the creative mind. Among the topics examined here are the importance of childhood mentor figures; the lengthy apprenticeship of the talented person; and the development of self- expression through highly individualistic languages, whether in images, movement or inner speech. Now, with a new introduction, this award-winning book provides an uniquely broad-based study of the origins, development and fruits of human inspiration."
"9780316010764 In the stories that make up Oblivion, David Foster Wallace joins the rawest, most naked humanity with the infinite involutions of self-consciousness--a combination that is dazzlingly, uniquely his. These are worlds undreamt-of by any other mind. Only David Foster Wallace could convey a father's desperate loneliness by way of his son's daydreaming through a teacher's homicidal breakdown (""The Soul Is Not a Smithy""). Or could explore the deepest and most hilarious aspects of creativity by delineating the office politics surrounding a magazine profile of an artist who produces miniature sculptures in an anatomically inconceivable way (""The Suffering Channel""). Or capture the ache of love's breakdown in the painfully polite apologies of a man who believes his wife is hallucinating the sound of his snoring (""Oblivion""). Each of these stories is a complete world, as fully imagined as most entire novels, at once preposterously surreal and painfully immediate."
"9780099910107 In 1918 Ernest Hemingway went to war, to the 'war to end all wars'. He volunteered for ambulance service in Italy, was wounded and twice decorated. Out of his experiences came A Farewell to Arms. Hemingway's description of war is unforgettable. He recreates the fear, the comradeship, the courage of his young American volunteer and the men and women he meets in Italy with total conviction. But A Farewell to Arms is not only a novel of war. In it Hemingway has also created a love story of immense drama and uncompromising passion."
"9780262632553 A stimulating, eclectic accountof new media that finds its origins in old media, particularly the cinema. In this book Lev Manovich offers the first systematic and rigorous theory of new media. He places new media within the histories of visual and media cultures of the last few centuries. He discusses new media's reliance on conventions of old media, such as the rectangular frame and mobile camera, and shows how new media works create the illusion of reality, address the viewer, and represent space. He also analyzes categories and forms unique to new media, such as interface and database. Manovich uses concepts from film theory, art history, literary theory, and computer science and also develops new theoretical constructs, such as cultural interface, spatial montage, and cinegratography. The theory and history of cinema play a particularly important role in the book. Among other topics, Manovich discusses parallels between the histories of cinema and of new media, digital cinema, screen and montage in cinema and in new media, and historical ties between avant-garde film and new media."
"9780306813689 Explores the life and accomplishments of the successful country singer known as the rebellious ""Man in Black"" who struggled with a guilt-ridden childhood, addictions, and self-doubt."
"9781857237382 Five years have passed since the cataclysmic events which took place in RUNNING WITH THE DEMON. John Ross, a Knight of the Word, sworn to fight the eternal battle against mankind's demons, has moved on. But his years spent saving mankind from the horror of the Void have taken their toll. He has lost his spirit, his belief and now it seems he has lost his magic. Working in a hostel for homeless children, his life is now spent fighting a battle in which he feels he might make a difference. But Nest Freemark, whose involvement in those events five years ago shattered her childhood, is about to be drawn once more into the mythic world of the Void and the Word. For she learns that John Ross is in great danger from a demon like no other. And if she doesn't warn him in time - and if he isn't persuaded to take up once more his staff of magic - the battle may be lost forever."
"9780618773558 A professor of sociology at the University of California presents the findings of his survey of admissions at Princeton, revealing a century of exclusion that cuts to the core of the American experience, while raising important questions about the stratification of higher education in America. Reprint."
"9780446363167 Meet the Pratt clas. Driven men. Determined women. Through six turbulent generations, they would pursue a lost Paul Revere treasure. And turn a family secret into an obsession that could destroy them. Here is the novel that launched William Martin's astonishing literary career and became an instant bestseller. From the grit and romance of old Boston to exclusive -- and dangerous -- Back Bay today, this sweeping saga paints an unforgettable portrait of a powerful dynasty beset by the forces of history...and a heritage of greed, lust, murder and betrayal."
"9781405161602 If you think Saddam and Satan make a kinky couple, wait till you get a load of South Park and Philosophy. Get your Big Wheels ready, because we’re going for a ride, as 22 philosophers take us down the road to understanding the big-picture issues in this small mountain town. A smart and candid look at one of television’s most subversive and controversial shows, celebrating its 10th anniversary this year Draws close parallels between the irreverent nature of South Park and the inquiring and skeptical approach of philosophy Addresses the perennial questions of the show, and the contemporary social and political issues that inspire each episode Uses familiar characters and episodes to illustrate topics such as moral relativism, freedom of expression, gay marriage, blasphemy, democracy, feminism, animal ethics, existential questions and much more makes you laugh out loud"
"9780007151240 It should be the most natural thing in the world. But in Tony Parsons' latest bestseller, three couples discover that Mother Nature can be one hell of a bitch."
"9780679832690 Although P.J. and his friends refuse to let Donna and Honey Bunny go camping with them because ""camping is not for girls, "" the girls follow and get proof that camping is hard work even for boys."
"9780393925722 Read by millions of students over seven editions, The Norton Anthology of Western Literature remains the most trusted undergraduate survey of Western literature available and one of the most successful college texts ever published."
"9781565044043 ""Kick Ass! And Live to Tell About It! Some people think the Awakened sit around dreaming about Ascension. Wrong. Dead wrong. When reality itself is on the brink of destruction, you don't contemplate your navel. You fight -- and sometimes die -- for the sake of the future. Tales of Magick takes Mage from the realm of abstraction and kicks it screaming into high gear. If you ever wondered how to run an epic, exciting modern sorcery chronicle, Dark Adventure is for you. Indeed, Tales of Magick is an ongoing series of books dedicated to playing Mage in a variety of genres and settings. Now your Mage game can go anywhere, anywhen""."
"9781904633389 The Iliad is one of the finest of all the great works that have been handed down to us from Classical Antiquity. Paris, a Trojan prince, having won Helen as his prize for judging a beauty contest between the goddesses Hera, Athena, and Aphrodite, abducted her from her Greek husband Menelaus and transported her to Troy. The Greeks, enraged by this audacity and devastated by the loss of the most beautiful woman in the world, set sail to Troy and began the long siege of the city. The Iliad narrates the events ten years into the war, describing the anger of Achilles, which results in the death of Patroclus and Achilles's mourning of him and avenging of his murder. It has had a far-reaching impact on Western literature and culture, inspiring writers, artists and classical composers across the ages. Even though it was written more than two thousand years ago, The Iliad remains both powerful and enthralling."
"9780525469780 Examines what is known about dinosaur bones, behavior, and other characteristics and how different the facts often are from what scientists, from ancient China to the recent past, believed to be true."
9780241003008 Eric Carle's children's classic is the story of a very small and very hungry caterpillar who manages to nibble his way through the pages of this enchanting book.
"9780684854465 The former cattle rancher whose appearance on ""The Oprah Winfrey Show"" sparked a lawsuit against both him and Winfrey exposes the hazardous practices of the cattle and dairy industries."
"9780806521688 In a future world, scientists predict criminal behavior before it happens and pre-criminals are arrested before they break any laws. Precedes the 2000 motion picture release directed by Steven Spielberg and starring Tom Cruise."
"9781402200458 ""Sixty Million Frenchmen does its job marvelously well. After reading it, you may still think the French are arrogant, aloof, and high-handed, but you will know why."" --Wall Street Journal"
"9780571203123 Here, Gunter Grass writes of great events and seemingly trivial ones, of technical developments and scientific discoveries, of achievements in culture, sport, of megolamania, persecution and murder, war and disasters and of new beginnnings."
"9780192752796 Clennen and his family make their living as travelling musicians. A danger deepens around them, Moril is chosen to receive the mysterious musical instrument - the ancient cwidder."
"9780241912720 The adventures of the debonair mouse Stuart Little as he sets out to seek his dearest friend, a small bird who stayed a few days in his family's garden."
"9780060645892 The acclaimed spiritual memoir from the author of The Secret Life of Bees I was amazed to find that I had no idea how to unfold my spiritual life in a feminine way. I was surprised and, in fact, a little terrified when I found myself in the middle of a feminist spiritual reawakening. Sue Monk was a ""conventionally religious, churchgoing woman, a traditional wife and mother"" with a thriving career as a Christian writer until she began to question her role as a woman in her culture, her family, and her church. From a jarring encounter with sexism in a suburban drugstore to monastery retreats and rituals in the caves of Crete, Kidd takes readers through the fear, anger, healing, and transformation of her awakening. Retaining a meaningful connection ""with the deep song of Christianity,"" she opens the door for traditional Christian women to discover a spirituality that speaks directly to them and provides inspiring wisdom for all who struggle to embrace their full humanity."
"9780586071397 A contemporary fantasy novel about the Hastings family who move from California to upstate New York into a ramshackle, old house in a deep wood and become involved in ancient, Celtic magic and occult horror when they are lured into the world of some luminous elfin beings."
"9780425213612 Hiring bodyguard Jack Cole when a stalker turns dangerous, cable sex talk show host Morgan O'Malley embarks on a passionate love affair with Jack, with whom she lives out some of her most secret fantasies. Original. 25,000 first printing."
"9780441731183 Proton and Phaze, parallel worlds of science and magic, are ripe with the seeds of revolution. Mach, a brave and sensitive robot from Proton, and his alternate self, magical Bane from Phaze, hold the power to link the two warring systems--or to destroy them entirely. Reissue."
"9780571207084 An invaluable set of career-length interviews with the German genius hailed by François Truffaut as ""the most important film director alive"" Most of what we've heard about Werner Herzog is untrue. The sheer number of false rumors and downright lies disseminated about the man and his films is truly astonishing. Yet Herzog's body of work is one of the most important in postwar European cinema. His international breakthrough came in 1973 with Aguirre, The Wrath of God, in which Klaus Kinski played a crazed Conquistador. For The Enigma of Kaspar Hauser, Herzog cast in the lead a man who had spent most of his life institutionalized, and two years later he hypnotized his entire cast to make Heart of Glass. He rushed to an explosive volcanic Caribbean island to film La Soufrière, paid homage to F. W. Murnau in a terrifying remake of Nosferatu, and in 1982 dragged a boat over a mountain in the Amazon jungle for Fitzcarraldo. More recently, Herzog has made extraordinary ""documentary"" films such as Little Dieter Needs to Fly. His place in cinema history is assured, and Paul Cronin's volume of dialogues provides a forum for Herzog's fascinating views on the things, ideas, and people that have preoccupied him for so many years."
"9781879794061 This 96-page full color trade paperback features many of the most hilarious exploits of Archie and Friends'from the ""ME"" decade, better known as the Eighties. Computers! New age music! Urban cowboys! Preppies! E.T.! Roller boogie! Michael Jackson! Cabbage Patch Kids! Breakdancing! Trivial Pursuit! Music videos! It's all here in this amazing volume!"
"9780425181119 A group of seemingly unrelated people experiences sensations of numbing terror and fear and, groping their way toward one another, discover their sinister, shared secrets in a chilling climax that changes their lives forever. Reissue."
"9780618254118 A new historian of Mary Queen of Scots draws on new sources to shatter various myths surrounding this odd monarch and uncover some of the scandals and political machinations underpinning, and undermining, her throne."
"9780345441034 A retired Los Angeles homicide detective living in the rural Wisconsin hamlet of Tamarack, Jack Sawyer is called in to assist the local police chief in solving a gruesome series of murders that causes Jack to experience inexplicable waking nightmares and draws him back to the Territories and an encounter with his own hidden past, in the long-awaited sequel to The Talisman. Reprint."
"9780810954809 Thirteen-year-old Jamie is overjoyed when a bequest sends him and his mother to live on an Irish island, where he and his newfound friend Ramsay travel back in time to help a young girl save her people from certain death."
"9780060777333 From the winner of the National Book Foundations' 2000 Medal for Distinguished Contribution to American Letters comes a ""sweet, funny . . . thought–provoking"" (Milwaukee Journal Sentinel) collection of short stories. As in his most recent major fiction collections, One More for the Road (1999) and Driving Blind (1997), Ray Bradbury has once again pulled together a stellar group of stories sure to delight readers of all ages. In The Cat's Pyjamas we are treated to a treasure trove of Bradbury gems old and new –– eerie and strange, nostalgic and bittersweet, searching and speculative –– all but two of which have never been published before. The Cat's Pyjamas is a joyous celebration of the lifelong work of a literary legend."
"9780764134289 (back cover) ALL THE ESSENTIALS IN ONE CLEAR VOLUME by David A. Stewart, Ed. D., Elizabeth Stewart, and Jessalyn Little, M. Ed. A clear and easy approach to learning American Sign Language Updated to cover vocabulary related to new technological developments More than 800 illustrative line drawings How to use facial grammar to supplement manual signing How to combine words to express complete statements"
